My phone cord is always tangled into knots because I can't stop moving when I'm on the phone. I'm told I should get a cell phone, or at least a wireless phone, but these people are missing the point. I have to have something for the movement. Gotta be something to tangle or all that walking in circles doesn't do any good.

Once a soul back homeside asked if it bothered me, the stereotypes, like we're forced to conform to some arbitrary pattern. And I said no, it didn't bother me, no more than humans are bothered by the stereotype about how they keep needing to breath, sleep, eat, the way that hormones and chemicals twist them around. I spin, I burn, that's what I am, so it's what I do. Humans worry about feeding themselves, and I worry about how to get the phone cord untwisted so that I can get the receiver far enough from the phone that I can answer and move.

Which I can't, today. So I find myself kneeling on the floor with the receiver in my ear and the phone pulled halfway over onto the floor. I keep the phone itself on a short cord; any longer and it'd get twisted into knots too.

It's not the Boss, on the phone. It hasn't been the Boss in longer than I want to think about. I know that he has something big planned, something so big he couldn't let anyone but Dominic in on it, but it hurts, sometimes, that he couldn't tell us. It's fair, it's perfectly fair, the Boss is... just. But it hurts. At least I know he's right, that it'll turn out well in the end. I tell the triad every time they come by to check on me, and I appreciate it, that their Boss knows enough to do this favor for mine, to make sure we're keeping things going while he's... out. Somewhere. Wherever it is that he went.

But no, it's not the Boss, it's just my off and on roommate, who pays his half of the rent in cash whenever he comes through. "Russia," he says. "Ever been there?"

"Ah. No?" I have, in fact, never been further than a hundred miles from this place, not on the corporeal plane. I've run through three vessels in that time, and a few Roles, but not much space. "If you're calling from Russia, Jack, I'm not sure I can help you."

"No, no, not from Russia, to Russia." For a Mercurian he jumps tracks faster than I can follow, which is why, I think, we get along so well. Windys are hard buddies to keep around, and they'd get on my nerves if they did stick around long, but the best sort of friends to have when they come and go. I can appreciate the way they move.

"Never been to Russia," I say, and I work on untwisting the cord from the knot it's made. Somewhere out there, there has to be someone with the power to untangle any knot, and I take a moment to wonder if there is an Angel of Untying Knots. It wouldn't be a half-bad Word, if taken to its logical extreme. Figuring out solutions, resolving problems... In any case, this knot is not coming undone. Time to buy another cord. "Why do you ask?"

"What about China? Ever been to China?"

"No, never been outside this country." The smell of toast burning reminds me that I forgot to adjust the toaster setting again. No matter; food is an art I've never been able to appreciate properly, much as I've tried, and burnt toast won't damn anyone. So far as I know. Has anyone been damned somehow by burnt toast? Stranger things have happened, if that story about the eel souffle and the Calabite is true. Will have to ask a Seraph sometime. "What's up?"

"I was thinking, buddy mine, it's time for a trip."

"It's always time for a trip with you," I say, and manage to yank the cord out of the phone. By the time I've put it back in and put out the fire in the kitchen, the phone's ringing. "Kai!" I say, dropping to my knees again. It's still not the Boss.

"You should start thinking about a trip," he says. "Like, in the next few days. Or how about tonight? I could pick you up tonight."

"I have a class to teach in half an hour," I say, which is partially true; I'm not the teacher, but I do most of the teaching. Who'd ever pick up on ballet if I left it to the twits hired because of board politics? If I didn't know better I'd swear the director was an Impudite of the Game, and... hmm. Now there's an avenue of investigation. "Why the sudden urge for a road trip?"

There's the sort of pause that says he's realigning his mental track to run parallel to my own. Never did understand the attraction in trains, all straight lines, but they move beautifully fast, don't they? "I'll pick you up tonight," he says, "and we can talk later. Might want to find a sub." This time he clicks off from whatever pay phone he's using, leaving me with a dial tone and one hand that's managed to get tangled up in the cord.

I'm not the brightest of angels, I'll grant anyone that. I jump to conclusions too quickly, act too hastily, ignore the subtle when the obvious is begging to be smacked down with a two by four. Which is something of a cliche, and yet practical if that's all you have at hand. Me, anything at hand is a good thing to beat stuff down with, if stuff is, indeed, demanding to be beaten down. But! All this aside, even I know when the wind's changed direction. Something's up, and it's not something Jack wanted to talk about over the phone. Fine, fine. I'll arrange for a sub, I'll be ready to move. Maybe it's a weekend trip.

So with a mumble about a family emergency (and I think the board director was smirking behind that sympathetic expression, must look into the Impudite thing), I get a sub set up and myself ready to go. Clean socks because you can never have enough clean socks, my piccolo because it's hard to pack the bagpipes into a bag that'll fit on a motorcycle, and that nice silk scarf in case any demons need garroting.

At three in the morning I'm so bored with waiting that I've unraveled a sweater, made myself a crochet hook out of a series of paperclips, and I'm teaching myself how to crochet from online diagrams, when the door finally opens. I locked it because I knew he'd enjoy picking the lock; I don't think we ever made him a copy of the key.

"Jack!" I toss the snarled mess of yarn away to give him a hug, and take a step back to admire the new jacket. "Where did you get that?"

"Don't ask, don't tell," he says, and grins broadly. His current vessel is so dark-skinned that his eyes and teeth nearly gleam in contrast. It's an artistic effect, and the black jacket sets it off. Some day I'll have to get around to learning to paint, and make a picture that does justice to the image; for now, I have my piccolo, my bagpipes, and an awfully good grasp of ballet, if I say so myself. "Ready to go?"

"My bike's downstairs..."

"Leave it," he says, and drags me to the car that's waiting in the parking lot, double-parked with the engine running. "Too traceable. You went and registered it under your name."

"That's because I'm being legal," I say, and take the shotgun seat, since there are two people in the back. Jack slides behind the wheel and in a moment we're off, whipping down the street and through every stop sign without so much as a pause. I wish I were driving, but I can't begrudge a Windy the seat. "So where are we off to?"

"Long story, we'll get to it soon," Jack says, and jerks a thumb over his shoulder at the two in the back seat. "Kai, that's Kelly -- you remember her, she was in that big scary killer-girl vessel last time you saw her -- and next to her, that's Maharang, also known as Mannie, also known as a very former Servitor of, um," Jack leans close to me and mutters quietly, "Vapula."

There's a bit of a commotion in the back, and Kelly, who is wearing a vessel that's far too petite and pristine for her personality, hauls the demon away from the door. "Sorry," says the demon, and oddly enough, he sounds contrite. "It's, ah. The name. I get... twitchy."

"Child safety locks," Jack says. "Marvelous invention."

I twist around in my seat to take a closer look at the demon. He has the pale, unkempt look of a Vapulan who's done lab work, and the twitchy expression of any Renegade who isn't sure they've noticed him missing. Too tall to be comfortable in that back seat, and my first guess would be Balseraph, though it's easier to ask than to guess. "Hi," he says, and tries a smile. It doesn't look like he wears one often. "Kai, he said?"

"Yeah." I don't want to be hostile to a redemption candidate, but we're not driving towards any Tether I know of. And they wouldn't need my help for that. "So what's up?"

"It's, ah..." He blinks at me several times. "I hate to ask this, but are you male or female?"

I sit back down, and check inside my pants. "Male," I say. The last two vessels were female, and it's easy to forget. Back around to stare at him some more. "So, you were saying?"

"No taunting," Jack says, and pulls me to face the front. "Kelly, why don't you summarize?"

"It's simple," Kelly says, and there's a pause. "Jack, why don't you go over it?"

"Right," Jack says. "It's... simple." He turns halfway away from the wheel, because he's the sort of person who can't talk without gesturing. It seems common in Mercurians. "Mannie here is sick and tired of working for... you know who."

"You mean Va -- ah, you know who, yes, I do know who." There's a thump in the back from where the demon's hit the car door again. "And you're taking him promptly to a Tether, right?"

"Not quite! It's simple. He has to find Eli first."

Even my mind has to stop for a moment after that line. "He wants to what?"

"Find Eli. It's... oh, look. Kelly, you explain it."

Kelly sighs a wispy little sigh that's appropriate for her current vessel and not for her. I don't know what her Boss was thinking, to give her that one. "He wants to redeem," she says, "but he's hesitant about his chances, being a not common redemption type, and having heard stories about Judgment. You know how it goes. So he wants reassurance from Eli that he wouldn't be disassembled if he tries to redeem. Because Eli, being the wandering sort, is the only person whose word he'll trust on the subject."

I take a moment to work this through in my head, while Jack hits the freeway and begins to see how fast this clunky old car will go. It's true that whatever my Boss says goes, and that Eli would, on consideration, have a plausible reliability to Renegades, who are not reasonable even at their best. "So, what, you expect me to find Eli, just because I work for him? I mean, that's a great vote of confidence on your part, but if I knew where to find him, the triads wouldn't keep asking if I'd seen him lately." There's another small thump when I mention triads. Twitchy guy, that demon.

"It's... a bit more complicated." Kelly coughs. "Um. Jack?"

"Right. So, Mannie, a good long while back, happened to appropriate an interesting little item that, as he heard, Eli made. And so as a gesture of goodwill, he wants to give it back to Eli when he finds the guy."

I can't help the twitch. "And he doesn't have it anymore, and you want to find the item, find Eli, and get this all sorted out before Va -- you-know-who, the Game, Judgment, or anyone else finds out that this guy has gone missing."

"Always the quick one!" Jack grins at me, and darts between a furniture truck and an SUV at something over 90 miles an hour; it's hard to tell, seeing as the speedometer on this car pegs at 85. "Obvious. Simple. You along for the ride?"

"Why do you need my help? Sounds like you know what you're up to."

"Well," Jack says, and gestures vaguely. "We're not sure where this thing is, and Eli isn't easy to track down, and, ah, you're the only Creationer we know who isn't in service to someone else and is kinda on Judgment's good side."

"Not for long at this rate," I say, "but I'm happy to help." Redeeming demons is even better than beating them up, though the gratification is more delayed. "But I'd like one thing."

"Yes?" Jack frowns slightly, and I know he's wondering if I'm going to insist they take ballet lessons, or report to Judgment as soon as we talk to Eli, or something terrifying along those lines.

"I get to drive."

"Deal," he says, and we swap seats at something that's at least 85 miles per hour, and only swerve far enough to send the car rattling along the rumble strips along the highway twice during the crossover. I crank down the window to let the wind howl in, and it's a beautiful sunrise when it comes.

We stop for gas at a rundown station in a town consisting of the gas station, a bar, and a McDonalds, which I could take as a sign of the end times. Kelly's sticking to the demon like a Cherub to the toddler it's attuned to; which is to say, Mannie paces and twitches and sulks, and Kelly watches intently, and never gets far away. They head inside to prepay with cash, and Jack leans against the car while I wrestle with the gas nozzle.

"How did you run into that one?" Kelly and Jack are great guys, but not the sort to spend a lot of time working on redemptions unless one drops into their lap.

"Divine providence," Jack says, which is his favorite answer for all sorts of questions, especially ones about where he got credit cards with unfamiliar names on them. But this time he bothers to clarify, so far as Jack clarifies anything; he's fond enough of confusing any issue that he must give Revelation Servitors headaches. "He was hitchhiking, figured it was time to do a good deed, and, well." Jack shrugs, and plays with a lighter, probably in response to the sign about open flames near the gas pumps. "Kelly was all for knocking him over the head and dropping him off at the nearest Tether, but I didn't think that would help him much, even if it was convenient for us."

Besides, I think it would have been too much like following the rules. I'm not the ultimate conformist, but I don't do chaos the way Windys do. Sometimes it makes me a bit uncomfortable when they break the rules just because the rules are there. But that's the point of their job, isn't it? Half my favorite music wouldn't be there if everyone kept following the same old rules, and look at the way Ulysses mangles the English language into something beautifully different. So even if I don't see myself asking their Boss for temp work, I'm not about to gripe at them about the way they do things.

"So what is he?" I ask, because this is the question that's been burning at me since I got the previous burning question, what in the world they were doing, out of the way. "I can never tell with Renegades, they all end up twitchy and worried."

"Lilim," Jack says, and grins like a maniac, which he is.

"Can't be," I say. "He's, well. A he. Right?" I've never been good at figuring out gender and sex and all the weirdness that goes with it, which is why I try to avoid noting either one to much extent in my own vessels, but I thought I had the demon pegged from clothes and haircut, if nothing else.

"It's not like there aren't any male Lilim," Jack points out, "or even ones that happen to take male vessels, at that."

"But he's not all... Lilimy."

"So he's on his best behavior. He doesn't have time to accumulate favors while he's running for his life, right?" Jack puts the nozzle back, and shreds the receipt that prints from the pump. "As he tells it, he's pretty much in the clear if he can redeem. He's been around for a good long time, and worked off most of his favors."

I shake my head. "He'll have a hard time of it, from what I've heard. But I'm willing to lend a hand. Where are we heading from here?" We've been traveling north since we left, and east because that's where the highway happens to go.

Jack just grins, and slides back into the car. "Drive," he says, "and we'll tell you if you're going the wrong way."

Mannie and Kelly return with coffee all around, and multiple packets of frightening sugar and flour... things. By the time I've reached the highway again, Jack's downed two puffy white cake-items and is working his way through a pack of Twinkies. "I don't know how you can eat that," I say, and neatly pass a little sports car that doesn't seem to realize a foot of clearance on each side is more than enough for practical purposes. "Mass-produced, unhealthy junk. You should try cooking."

"Sure, if I want to burn down the kitchen. I've seen the terrors of cooking, and I do indeed fear them." Jack tosses me a hideous mockery of actual cinnamon buns. I catch it and toss it out the window. "Hey, now you're littering. Don't you feel bad about that?"

"It would be wrong of me to allow that to be eaten," I say. "We're coming up on a junction. Where are we going from here?"

Both of them turn to look at Mannie, and I realize they haven't been given better directions than I have. "Give me a location," I tell him, "and I'll get there. C'mon, I'm an Ofanite. You know that's what I'm good at."

"Last I saw, ah, it," Mannie says, "that was in Moscow. But that was... a long time ago." I've tilted the rearview mirror so that I can see the back seat, and his long fingers make strange, nervous gestures. I would have called him a Bal, if I'd been forced to guess; all the battered elegance and height doesn't seem suited to a Lilim.

"Okay, then. Airport or docks? Airport's more traceable, but faster, so you'll want to weigh anonymity against speed. Personally, I'd go for speed, and, well, airports! Gotta love the planes." I tilt the steering wheel slightly, and glide around a truck hauling something so oversized it has a second little truck tootling along with it to warn people of the load. "Of course, boats are nice, even if the drivers get annoyed if you call them boats instead of ships."

"Neither," says the demon, a little irritably. "I said I last saw it in Moscow. It won't be there anymore." He taps one of his jacket pockets, as if he wanted to take something out and changed his mind. "I think... There's this small town in the north." He gestures towards the road ahead of us. "Or, there was. It's gone now, which is how I know it's there."

I take a minute to sort out his pronouns. "So, whoever it is that has this whatever it is that you stole from someone or other and that you think was made by the Boss... You can tell it's somewhere to the north because some town or another isn't there anymore?"

"Yes," he say. "Precisely."

"Ah," I say. "Simple." And I take the next exit to skew west.

Jack's eyes gleam when we stop for gas inside a small city. The parking lot across the street from the gas station is for some expensive restaurant, and filled with shiny cars that must be expensive. "This station wagon is cramped," he says, as I get out the gas nozzle. "Want to try another car?"

"The car's fine," I say, but he's jaywalking nonchalantly across the street, Kelly close behind. I roll my eyes, and keep filling the tank.

Mannie sidles up to me, and contrives to look pathetic and in need of protection, though it's hard for him to manage when his vessel is six inches taller than mine. "Do you think he'll mind?" he asks, slouching a touch. He uses body language the way a Balseraph uses words, though he has all the accuracy in his aim of a new-fledged Malakite playing with guns. He'd be better off whimpering at Jack, who's been a soft touch for repentant and helpless sorts for as long as I've known him. "I'm bringing it back, and I am sorry about stealing it before..."

"Who, the Boss?" I think about that, not for long. "Yeah, if you're sorry, he'll know. He's not the sort to begrudge someone borrowing things if they were put to good use." That does make the demon squirm, and I remind myself that we're supposed to be helping this guy. Bad Kai: be nice. "The Boss is a great guy, and he understands people, like no one else at all." Okay, maybe Dominic understands people too, but in a different way. The Archangel of Judgment understands you like Seraph and Malakite, zenith to nadir, everything you did or said that you shouldn't have or didn't mean. My Boss understands people like a Cherub and Mercurian all in one, from hub to rim, and loves you for it or despite it.

I'm missing the Boss again, so I turn away from this demon who thinks my Boss, who's got something bigger going on than almost anyone knows, is some sort of get out of Hell free ticket, and busy myself with putting the gas nozzle away and studying the receipt like it means something. "I'll get some coffee," Mannie says, and he slouches off to the convenience store.

Kelly and Jack take longer to return than I'd expected, and I'm about ready to try looking for them when they saunter back, radiating cheer and a lack of couth. While I'm not the sort to pick up on subtle things, I notice that Kelly has blood under her fingernails. "Met someone dishonorable?"

"Better yet," Jack says, and he has blood under his fingernails too, which says something, "met someone dishonorable who had a nice car."

"Had a nice car? As in, had a car, or as in, the car was nice?"

"Little bit of both," Kelly says, and takes the coffee Mannie hands her, though it's no more than warm by now. "Wasn't trying to hurt the car, but, well, bodies leave dents."

Now some of my own cheer is starting to return. "Demon in the trunk?" They didn't take any rope with them, and I'm about to ask them if they used jumper cables when Kelly shakes her head, still grinning.

"Rolled on the wandering demon table, and apparently he rolled on the wandering angel table, but we came out ahead in the encounter," Jack says, and I have no idea what he means. If I did, it wouldn't really be Jack. "I don't think anyone is going to miss that one, though her master may have something to say about it when she wakes up."

"And you didn't let me join in? You're not letting me have any fun on this trip." It's at about this time that I realize Mannie is watching us with this horrified expression he's trying to suppress, so I grin at him reassuringly, but it doesn't seem to help. "Ready to go?"

"Yeah," he says, and drops his coffee cup on the ground, and then looks guilty when I pick it up and toss it into the dumpster. Weird one, this Lilim, if that's what he is. But Lilim would have to be weird; I've never been able to wrap my mind around a type of demon that isn't, even in theory, an angel who's taken a wrong turn along the way. Maybe it's some sort of grand cosmic balance to Malakim who can't Fall, or maybe they're just like a twisted version of humanity.

But I don't think the Symphony needs balancing in that direction.

The advantage to not needing sleep is that road trips become easier. The advantage to being me is that we make no wrong turns, don't crash into anything, and average about 25 miles over the speed limit the whole way. The town that isn't a town anymore hums like a kazoo in the back of an exuberant children's band, as Symphony metaphors go. It's waving its arms around and leaping up and down saying, pick me, pick me!

The sky has swept itself into a brilliant red sunset as I pull off the back-country road I've been traveling on to follow a pothole-riddled older road to the town. The dashboard is carved with cute stick-figure pictures of angels beating up demons and carrying off various heists, courtesy of a pocketknife and a very bored Jack. Kelly, for her part, has maintained the Zen serenity she carries with her whenever Jack gets too bouncy, the counterpoint to the way he goes reasonable when she gets too eager to smite. It's still odd to see her in the new vessel, and I'd like to ask what happened to the old one, but I'm not sure they want to talk about it in front of this demon.

"Well," I say, stopping the car in the middle of the street, "here we are."

The street's a mess of potholes and brown grass, the result of winter and nature taking effect without anything to counterbalance them. The gas station displays prices so low it must have closed over a decade ago, and half the numbers have fallen off the sign. The glass is long gone in the store windows, the paint has worn into pale peeling strips. "Dead town," I say. I'm not fond of death, metaphorical or otherwise.

"Long dead," says Kelly. She sits down on the hood of the car and looks around, her fingers working at prying the BMW logo off. "So, Mannie. What are we looking for, and why do you think it'll be here?"

The demon wraps his arms around himself, and the wind's sharp, but not enough to justify his shiver. "There was a Tether here," he said, "a long time ago. Not to... you know who, but to something else. An ethereal. It traveled here, to set up new worship, when, ah." He touches his pocket. "It wasn't welcome in Russia anymore, but there were people here..."

"And the town died?"

"After it came. Eventually. It couldn't manage a town. Lasted for a while, but..." He shakes his head. "I don't know how it works. That wasn't my area of study. There were all these things one could do with electricity, and..." The demon has developed an annoying habit of trailing off when he's about to say something useful, and it makes me impatient. I pace around the car while he collects his thoughts. "It's destructive," he says, "and it makes for a slow decay. In a town this size, he could last, ah, decades, maybe a century, but... this was inevitable." His hands make small gestures. "I heard from it, a few years back. Still out here. Complaining that the town had died, and it had no one to carry it away. I don't know why it couldn't leave, but it wanted me to come and help it. I, ah. I stay out of the Marches, these days. No good comes of going there."

"An ethereal." Jack drums his fingers along the roof of the car. "Interesting. And it has this item?"

"Yes, it... well. It should." His hands twist together. "I was in Russia. We knew that flying machines would be the next big thing, and it seemed prudent to make governments look in the correct directions, but of course everyone has their own agenda..."

Kelly stares at him, with that expression she wears when she's about to figure out how honorable you've been. "Where did you get it?"

The demon shrugs. "I don't know who had it before. The politics were strange, and I was working my way up to a position of some responsibility, so I had, ah, access to things that had been taken from people. But when I say it was stolen, I mean it was taken from someone else, I acquired it... It's close enough to theft on my part, to count me guilty for it. At the time I didn't realize what it was."

"And what was it?" I'm doing figure eights now, with three loops, Kelly car demon, kicking rocks out of my way. Must remember to change my socks soon, all the driving and all the dust make for a grimy feeling I could do without. "You're being awfully vague for someone who's supposed to be getting our help."

"I don't know what it was," Mannie says, and now I can tell he's frustrated, though he's clipping his words to keep it in check. "But at the time I thought it was a simple little artifact, and someone Needed it, so of course I was willing to trade it away for a favor. I used that up getting myself out of the country when things went crashing down, because of course no one bothers to communicate to anyone else that things are about to go bloody, and it's not like the Malphans talk to the Vapulans--" He freezes, and his face goes blank, and then Kelly tackles him and the two of them are down on the dusty ground, which I suspect wasn't necessary but was funny enough to watch that I don't mind.

"I'm fine!" he says, and then, more calmly, "No, really. I'm fine. You can let me up."

Kelly clambers off him, and he gets to his feet, doesn't bother to brush the dust off his clothing. Now that's the sign of a nervous Lilim if I've ever seen one. "Sorry," he says, and again, "sorry, sorry..." He pulls himself together. It's like watching an actor playing two parts switch from one to the other, and I'd like to ask him if he's done any work on stage, because he'd make a marvelous Mercutio, if not, perhaps, a good King Lear, because he doesn't have the presence needed to play that sort of role. "In any case," he says, "it ought to be somewhere near the main house of the ranch. Shouldn't be too hard to find."

"More should and ought to's than I'm comfortable with," Kelly says, but she says it with the sort of shrug that adds that she can cope.

"I'm only wondering," I say, though I'm wondering all sorts of things and choosing to focus on this one topic to the temporary exclusion of others, "why this ethereal would still be here, if the town is dead. It's not something I know much about, but why would it hang around when all its potential worshippers are gone?"

"I don't know," says Mannie. "It sent word that it was here and wanted my help. I expect it believed I'd consider the Geas worth the trip. It is powerful." He spreads his hands, entirely under control, and I think I was more comfortable with him when he was twitchier. "But I need to get that artifact back."

"Fine," Jack says. "Let's go."

The road is bad enough that we leave the car sitting alone in the middle of town and traipse through overgrown weeds to the ranch. Rusted signs proclaim the name, Sunshine Hills Ranch, and sunshine must sound pleasant enough in a place this far north. There isn't much in the way of proper hills, only low rolling mounds, and scraggly trees have grown up across what was probably pastures. "What did they raise here?" I ask the demon, but he shrugs, and doesn't know. After spending so long in a place where I know everyone by name and each street, alley, vacant lot, it's strange to be walking through a place none of us know much about.

My socks fill up with burrs, all the desperate seeds of late summer clinging to me. Such a melancholy sort of place, without even hawks flying overhead. The grasses and trees that have sprung up seem tired, old, waiting for something that won't be coming back. I run my hands over a bush and leaves snap off in my hand.

"There's something wrong here," I say. My feet want to move in the other direction. I've faced down demons before, and here in this empty field coming towards that big plantation-style house, I want to run back to the car, drive away, never come back. At this time of day I ought to be teaching a class to earnest little children who stretch their toes up, up to the rail, and why am I here instead of back there where my Boss left me for his own good reasons?

"Someone hasn't been mowing the lawn often enough," says Kelly, and Jack grins, and the two of them don't get it, they aren't feeling it. But the way Mannie looks at me says that he understands what I mean.

"No," I say, and I realize I don't know how to explain it, but it's wrong. Things that ought to be growing green and straight and curved are growing brown and twisted and sharp. Nothing is being created here, it's only doing what it did before, over and over again. I don't know how to point it out, but it's wrong, it's horribly wrong. "I mean," I say, and I gesture the way Manny did before when he was searching for words, "something weird is going on. I don't know if it's the ethereal or what, but things are... wrong."

The two of them look at me, and they're trying to understand, but they can't feel it. Wind blows through places and scatters everything into a new pattern, but it doesn't make new things. The two of them can read the honor or history of a person with a glance, but they can't feel how motion is supposed to work.

Everything here stays still.

"Well," says Jack, and I can see him wrapping his mind around what I said, tying it up into a package that makes sense, "let's go fix it, then." And Kelly nods.

Well. Let's go fix it, then.

I stay in front because if I need to move forward, I want to do it quickly. If any of these plants had flowers I'd hate to crush them, but as it is I tromp through, wishing for those big clunky boots I've seen people wear at the goth clubs when Namuel takes me out dancing. The front door to the house has lost its paint to the wind, but the cut glass set into the top is still beautiful, stars outlined in lead. This house was a work of art, when it was still in good condition, and I think it could be made that way again. If my Boss were here, maybe he'd put me here to do that, spend a decade or three bringing this town back to life, making this house beautiful again. This whole place could be something amazing.

But it's never my Boss on the phone, these days.

The door's locked, but Jack makes quick work of it, and we step into stale air. Someone with bad taste decorated the insides; ostentatious meets frumpy, even before mold, insects, and dust brought it down. A twisting staircase takes up the center of the foyer, winding elegantly upstairs, with banisters that would be perfect for sliding down. "Downstairs, I think," says Mannie, and now he leads the way back to the rest of the rooms on the floor. We try doors until we find the stairs, and don't let each other out of sight. Maybe now they can feel what I did.

There's another door at the bottom of the stairs, heavy wood banded with metal. It's like the door before the vampire's lair or the mad scientist's lab in one of the black and white movies they show late at night when the airwaves aren't taken up with infomercials. Jack fiddles with the lock, and frowns. "It's locked from the other side. See, there's a deadbolt. I can't open that."

"Probably the right place," Kelly says, and she starts pulling out supplies from under her jacket, things I didn't know she was carrying but should have expected. When there's a Malakite of Janus wandering about, there's a fair chance that explosives aren't far away, and Kelly has never been a disappointment. The last time I met up with her, she and Jack had just finished toasting an entire warehouse of I don't know what, and had to lay low for a while until certain parties stopped screaming about the disturbance. She spent most of the two days they crashed at my apartment trying to show me how to boil eggs without doing something dreadful to them, and describing the explosion. It had sounded like a marvelous entertaining explosion, and I, for one, begin to look forward to this.

So Mannie and Jack retreat to the top of the stairs, and Kelly fiddles with wires, and bits of material that I'm guessing are plastic explosives, and after a few minutes she smiles tightly at me and says, "Upstairs, I think." When we get to the top of the stairs, she fiddles with the wires, and tells me, "If you worked for our Boss, you'd be able to help with things like this. And you'd never want for moving around. We get speed."

"I know," I say, and wait for her to finish. Because it's a kind enough offer, and one that Jack's mentioned plenty of times when he's doing his roommate thing. Sometimes it even tempts me, when I'm fighting as politely as I can with the board for funding, scheduling, trying to help the community center matter. When I'm wondering if the Boss is ever going to call, or if maybe he forgot about leaving me there... But, no. I can't start doubting him. Even thinking about it is why he had to ask Dominic to send people by to check on us. The Boss knows what he's doing, and he put me where he did for a reason, and there's no way I can doubt that, or I wouldn't have anything left.

The door explodes.

It is, indeed, a pretty explosion.

"Haven't lost my touch," Kelly says, and slaps Mannie on the back, and Jack laughs, already heading down the stairs two steps at a time, while Mannie picks bits of charred wood out of his hair. Which means Jack's taking the lead, and there's no way I can let him do that, so I charge on past him, three or four stairs to a leap. He may have longer legs, but speed is what I do, and I make it through the door before him into the room.

I immediately wish I hadn't.

The bodies here are dry, decayed, awful wrecks of crumpled limbs and bones. I can't tell what's decay and what's the injury done before death, but I'm sure that the limbs six feet away from their bodies didn't get there by natural decay. In the center of the room a circle, old stains, and a churning, thrashing darkness, worse than trying to stare at a Shedite's real form.

"You came," says the thing in the center of the circle, and it shudders, a ripple of color swirling across it. It's the ugliest thing I've ever seen. "I knew you would come eventually, though it took you longer than I thought. You have no respect for old friendships. I won't hold it against you. I need to be free of this place."

Mannie stands behind me, very still. "So I see," he says, a distant voice. I step over bodies and pieces of bodies, walk around the circle. The things on the floor, in flung-open drawers, hung on the walls... I've never seen sorcery, but I've heard about it, and this must be its results. It's all ugly, a room devoted to destruction and what power can be squeezed out of it.

"You've brought me more worshippers," says the dreadful thing, though its voice is uncertain now. "Or colleagues of yours? You always came alone before, but times change."

"Times do change," says Mannie. I'm across the circle from him now, and I can see his hands opening and closing, though he stands still, watching that thing in the center. What does he see when he looks at it? It needs to be free, it says, and I think a Lilim could appreciate that, especially when it wants freedom as much as this thing does, but I wonder what else it needs, and what else he sees in its mind. I am blessed to be of a Choir that never looks into the mind of anyone; I don't see truth or honor or relationships or needs or emotions or any other of a thousand things, but only how to get from here to there in the most perfect way, and this is enough for me. My own mind is enough trouble sometimes, with how it flits and hops and takes the wrong routes, without knowing anything of the minds of anyone else.

Kelly and Jack stand very still, though the expression Kelly's wearing tells me she's going to do something stupid and violent soon. I don't think the thing that twists in the center of the room fails to ping her evil meter, and she has oaths to keep. It's not much like a Windy to wait long once there's a goal in sight.

"How strange, that you should be caught by humans," Mannie says. His gaze flickers all over the room, looking for that artifact he wants, but nothing I'm seeing shouts artifact to me. "I thought you kept your sorcerers well in hand."

"They grew arrogant," hisses the ethereal, and it seems to me that to be a sorcerer one has to be fairly arrogant in the first place, so growing arrogant is only a natural result. If it was teaching humans sorcery, which to my limited knowledge involves them binding ethereals, you would think it would realize these sorts of things might happen. On the other side of the wheel, it seems people that greatly desire power are easily blinded by that desire. "They thought they could control me, and failed in the attempt." The bodies indicate failure, but I think the entrapment speaks of a certain level of success.

"It's you who's doing it," I say, almost before I realize I'm speaking. I've completed a circuit around the room, and I step over the same bodies as before. "You're the one making things grow badly and die too soon. I don't know if it's by choice or just your nature, but it's you, isn't it?"

The roll of that thing as it turns in my direction, though I couldn't say what was the front or back of it, makes my stomach queasy in a way an empty stomach shouldn't get. "Witness my power," it says, a voice rumbling until my skin vibrates with it and the echoes bounce off all the walls, "and worship, and I shall teach you my ways. Scorn me, and feel my wrath."

"Tell me," I say, before Mannie can try to get a word in and confuse himself further with wondering what he should do, "is that what you really look like, or just a nasty attempt at a vessel?"

The broken desk I swing by one leg connects solidly with a chunky bit of darkness, which answers my question. And there's Kelly pulling a long knife out from her jacket, and Jack grins, stepping forward.

"You betrayed me," roars the ethereal, and Mannie hesitates, shudders, flinches back away from it. This isn't his fight, and if we'd prefer he lend a hand, well, we can't blame him either for not touching this thing.

This thing has the most dreadfully nauseating vessel, but I fear nothing. I've been told this is something of a failing on my part, but I've only hit trauma twice, so it can't be too much of a downside. I lunge forward as it's reaching for Mannie, and I am fire and circles and speed, faster than anything this poor creature of the mind could ever be. This desk transcends its misused existence to be a weapon of a servant of God, against all things foul and evil.

The desk smashes into pieces on the second hit, but I think it fulfilled its purpose, after such a long sad wait in this cellar.

I take up another piece of furniture, slam it down at the flailing thing in the center of the circle. It can't escape, but it's stronger than I suspected, resisting our blows too easily. It lashes out with a churning tentacle and envelops Jack's arm up to the elbow. He yelps, pulls his arm out, and all the way down from the elbow the flesh of his vessel boils and melts, dissolving away from the rest of him.

Mannie runs for the stairs, and I would call him a coward for doing it, but I have more important things to focus on. Every bit of furniture in the room smashes into that dreadful creature in turn, and Kelly slice, slice, slices with her knives, staying just out of reach of its flailing. Jack hesitates, turns, runs after Mannie, and it's just as well that someone is, because Kelly and I have our hands full.

Kelly's keeping that thing occupied, but I'm running out of furniture. I'm not desperate enough yet to beat this thing to death with corpse bits. Not sure it would work if I tried, at that; while my Boss has given me help in the "beating things up with unlikely objects" department, using actual limbs seems wrong, especially when they belong to other people. It can't reach outside of the circle, so it's easy enough for me to stay away, but Kelly's having a hard time of keeping it from touching her. A mouth opens in the center of its mass, and it begins to roar out something that I suspect will go badly for us.

A leftover piece of door flies into the ethereal, and bounces off, as Jack hauls Mannie into the room. The ethereal breaks off in its roar, and snarls at the demon, a low rumble in a language that hurts my ears to hear it. "Do something," Jack says, shoving Mannie forward, and the Lilim cowers. "Something!"

Mannie opens his mouth, begins to sing. And the twisted diseased thing bursts into flames, like a lightning strike from the roof.

"That's more like it." Jack grins, and pokes Mannie in the back. The demon twitches. "Can you do that again?"

"Once more," Mannie says. He sings again, and the fire rages hotter. Still trapped in its circle, the ethereal roars, screams, its voice spiraling higher in pitch as it goes. Ash falls to the floor, eating away at the wood where it lands.

The shrieking stops, and all that's left of the thing's vessel is a heap of corrosive ash on the floor.

"My arm," says Jack, staring at the stump below his elbow. "It's -- ow. Ow. That still hurts." He wears an expression of faint confusion, as he waves his arm about. "How did it do that?"

"Disease," Mannie says. "You haven't dealt much with ethereals, have you? They can do... strange things. Different things. There are so many of them, you can't track down all the combinations. Not unless you specialize."

"Do you have healing?" Kelly asks, staring at that stump. None of us wants to touch it, but it's fascinating, an ugly rough cut that bubbles at the edges.

"Of course," Mannie says. "It's often a Need -- I mean, yes, I have it, but I can't use it, not after those two songs."

I crouch down by one of the corpses, and pick up a statue, a thing a bit bigger than my palm, carved from stone. It's nearly a Mobius strip, strange curves and no single shape. "Is this what you were looking for?"

"Yes!" Mannie pulls it out of my hands, and I think he'd hug it if we weren't watching. "That's the one. I'll give it back, and everything will be right."

Jack blinks a few times, and touches the statue hesitantly with his remaining hand. "That's... strange. It's a talisman, I think. For sorcery."

"Then it can't be what you're looking for," I say. "The Boss wouldn't make something like that."

"No, I'm quite sure." Mannie puts the statue in his pocket, and he smiles, a wicked little smile like a mad scientist ought to have. I'm not sure if he's mad, but he must be a scientist to have worked for Vapula, and sanity doesn't seem to accompany those Servitors very often. "It has that fuzz about it that comes when Superiors dabble in making artifacts."

"The Boss doesn't dabble," I say, "and he wouldn't make something like that--"

"Oh, don't worry about it," Kelly says. "We've done good for the day, we've found Mannie's statue, and now we can go find Eli to get this redemption thing working."

Everyone is looking at me. Because of course they expect me to find him. And I wish I were back home trying to untangle my phone cord again, because if I were there I'd be where he left me, doing what he told me to do. What else can I do? What am I doing out here, with these people who don't ever understand? But I'll see this through to the end one way or another.

I can't help but smile at them. "I'll do what I can. We'll go looking for him. But it may take a while. He never writes," I say. Maybe I should get a cell phone. "He never calls."

It's somewhere around five in the afternoon on a Friday, and to my vast surprise, I no longer want to drive. This is because "driving" is a dreadful word to apply to what I'm doing, which is sitting in dead-stopped traffic on a Los Angeles freeway. "We would be making faster time walking," I say.

"Relax," says Jack, and I don't know how he can be so calm, because at this rate we're going to be stuck on this overpass, many yards above anything faintly like ground, for long enough that he and Kelly will start taking dissonance. He smacks the radio a few times, but the current car's radio is having none of it, and refuses to go up in volume any further. "We'll get there soon enough." He leans over with his ear pressed against the speaker, trying to make out the traffic report.

I've missed more than a week of classes back at the community center. The instructor sounds peeved when I call in about how this "family emergency" is taking longer than expected to resolve. "I bet that if we got the ropes out of the trunk, and tied them to the car, we could all climb down to the next underpass -- overpass -- well, the next level of freeway beneath us, and make a break for freedom."

Mannie sighs irritably in the back seat, and shifts around. "This is starting to sound like a plausible idea. And better than the one about making hang-gliders from the seat covers and sun shield."

"Hey, that wasn't a half bad idea," I say, but Jack's gesturing at me to stay quiet, so I wait a few minutes for him to get what information he can. Now, if the ropes aren't long enough, we could add some length to them with the jumper cables, seat covers, and Mannie's jacket. I'd try to construct it in my head with Jack's jacket included, but he's too fond of that thing to make it worth taking it away. Kelly always has wire on her, some of it might be strong enough to hold a person's weight...

"Aha!" Jack sits back up, and rubs at his ear. "There's a major accident in front of us. This whole place is locked. We're going to be stuck here for hours." He pulls a deck of cards out of his jacket's pocket. "Anyone up for a game of poker?"

"It wouldn't be much of a game," says Kelly. She's been staring at the car in front of us fixedly for several minutes now, and I suspect someone in that car has been dreadfully dishonorable. "Given that Mannie has no money, Kai has no poker face, and you cheat."

"You say this like you don't cheat at cards."

Kelly considers this for a moment. "No," she says, "it's just that I'm better at it than you are."

"Movement!" The car ahead of me is inching forward, and I turn on the car again, move forward until I'm nearly touching its bumper. "It's... okay, that wasn't much movement." I turn off the engine. "By the time they clear the accident off the road, it's going to be too late to get to that party. We're going to miss him again. If he's even there." It's the third rumor we've followed to find the Boss, and I'm starting to get disappointed. After a while, hoping so hard and then getting nothing out of it hurts. I was better off back in my apartment hoping the phone would ring and it would be him on the other end.

"Fuck this," says Mannie, and he opens the door to his car. We've all been avoiding saying the V-word, so I stopped using the child locks. He steps out onto the freeway and stretches, runs a hand through his hair. "This is getting us nowhere. Let's go get another car. One that's not stuck in the middle of traffic."

"Sounds like a plan!" Jack's out of the car now, so I look at Kelly. She shrugs, and climbs out.

Well, far be it from the Ofanite to wait in the stopped car while everyone else goes somewhere.

It's only a moment of pinging the Symphony for where it thinks we ought to be before I'm trotting along the shoulder of the freeway, past cars full of howling children and glowering drivers. Mannie slouches along behind me, with Kelly and Jack bringing up the rear. They're having a heated discussion about what kind of car they should steal, and from what snatches of it I can catch over the wind and rumbling of traffic below, the debate is mostly "belonging to someone dishonorable" vs. "a really fast one".

I can't decide which side of the argument I should support.

Mannie pulls out a pair of sunglasses and slides them on, glowering at nothing in particular. He moves forward to keep pace next to me, though it puts him halfway into the lane; it's not like we're in any danger of getting hit by a speeding car. "Are you sure," he says in a low voice, "that there isn't a better way to go about this?"

I shrug, and concentrate on getting where it is that the Symphony wants us to go. That is to say, to the nearest safe exit from the freeway. "When the Boss wants to be found, he'll show. In the meantime, following rumors is the best I can do. I can't expect him to come whenever I call. He has things to do."

"I know, but..." Mannie sighs, and turns that talisman around in his hands. He's been playing with it off and on since he picked it up, as if keeping it close to him will bring Eli to him faster. "The longer this takes, the greater chance someone will notice I'm gone and do something about it. You can understand why I'm in a hurry."

"Sure thing," I say, and I can appreciate being in a hurry. From point A to point B is one of those things I live for. But hurrying down the wrong street is worse than stopping at the intersection to figure out which way you ought to turn, even I know that. I may not always remember it at those intersections, but I know it. "Everything happens in its own proper time and place, and the Boss knows how time and place work. When you're supposed to meet him, you will." And because Mannie doesn't seem to be taking any comfort from this, I add, "Besides, you're moving all over the place. Even if someone finds out you're gone, they won't know where to start looking."

"They have ways." He's gone grumpy again. If he were a child in one of my ballet classes, I'd have ways of cheering him up, but my repertoire of happiness-inducing techniques is pretty low when it comes to demons older than I am with legitimate reasons to worry. So I do my best, which is to grin at him, and ask what kind of car he thinks Jack and Kelly should steal, until he's lecturing me on the rollover statistics of SUVs.

It takes us half an hour to get within sight of a freeway exit. I could have done it in ten, but it's a bad idea to ditch the group. I'm not used to working with other angels -- and certainly not with a demon -- but when I was a reliever racing other kids from place to place, a nice Mercurian sat me down and gave me a few good lectures on playing nice with others. Of course, the lesson that really stuck was from all the horror movies I watched late at night on my first Earth-side assignment. Never split up the group, or the monster eats you. I've dealt with enough monsters to keep me satisfied on that end for years.

We're passing a little red sports car that keeps gunning its engine when someone shouts, "Hey, Mannie!" It's one of those monstrous SUV-truck combos, and the woman in the passenger seat has rolled down her window to wave at him.

Mannie freezes for a moment, and then he's wearing a charming smile I haven't seen before. "Hey, babe," he says, and strolls over to the door. "Long time no see." I keep a few steps back, where I can listen in without looking too much like I am. Kelly and Jack have stopped too, and both of them are giving the woman in the truck that sort of look that says they're resonating, though only Jack makes it look natural. "You're looking good. Going to introduce me to your friend?"

"Sure thing, sweetheart." The blonde woman giggles, and pulls over the man in the driver's seat, a geeky-looking type wearing a cowboy hat. "Mannie, this my boyfriend, Ed. Ed, an old friend of mine, Mannie. We interned in the same lab, back during college. Mannie, Ed's in charge of this great new startup, he'll have to tell you all about it. We've got to do lunch."

"Sure, babe." Mannie runs a hand through his hair in a move that seems more calculated than necessary. "Give me your card and I'll ring you up some time while I'm in the city?"

"No, let's do it now. Traffic's not going anywhere, the last report said at least two hours before we get to move, maybe more. Ed, honey, let's ditch the car and get something to eat, catch up with my friend. It's not going anywhere while we're gone." Her boyfriend doesn't seem thrilled by this idea, but she's already opening the door to clamber down. "Mannie, it is so good to see you again, just the other day I was saying to myself, 'Gee, I wonder what Mannie's up to these days?' You'll have to tell me all about the latest news back at the office, how the Boss is doing, what his latest projects are. And, hey, these friends of yours?" She gives us a quick, calculating sweep, still smiling.

"Ah," says Mannie, then recovering quickly, "they're acquaintances who are helping me out with a 'project'." He gives her the sort of look that's probably meant to convey we're hapless mortals with no clue what he's talking about. "We can... all do lunch, waiting for the traffic to clear. That's where we were heading."

This is how I find myself in a California Pizza Kitchen in the mall, sitting across the booth from a demon, her boyfriend, and Kelly, between Mannie and Jack. Kelly's been seated next to the demon so that her expression, which could melt steel, can't be seen. She keeps making abortive motions towards the knife under her jacket, but she hasn't attacked anyone else, which is a good sign. It's not like Windys are known for their self-control.

The fluffy blonde, who I'd guess to be an Impudite by the way her boyfriend stares at her and mumbles answers to questions, is apparently named Candi, and just loves Los Angeles, and the restaurant, and the mall, and fluffy puppies and kittens, and her boyfriend, and her current job as personal assistant to him. She orders a salad, which marks her as evil right there; going to a California Pizza Kitchen without ordering the pizza is as close to sacrilegious as one can get with food.

Jack's smile has become fixed, but he's holding up well. I'm feeling trapped, and not just because of the people seated on either side of me. Mannie keeps up a running current of casual conversation, and redirects all of Candi's questions about "the Boss" into something else.

I hope he doesn't bolt for the door. That gets awkward to explain in the middle of lunch. And while I could do something interesting with one of the bread plates, this restaurant is lacking in the impromptu weapons category.

At six they dim the lights in the restaurant for no good reason, and Mannie frowns, and takes his sunglasses off. "My neighbor is breeding cockapoos," Candi prattles, "and they're utterly adorable, I'm on the waiting list for one..." And then there it is, she glances into his eyes, and her face freezes for a moment. "...because they're so fluffy," she says quickly, and she's still going on, but I can see there was something there.

"Hey, Mannie," I say, "scoot out for a minute, I need to hit the restrooms." And once he has, I add, "Did you see them on the way in? I'm not sure where they are, the layout in this place is all weird." He starts to point, and I kick his ankle under the table.

"I'll show you where they are," Mannie says, and slides out from the booth. "Back in just a minute," he says, charming smile for Candi and her table-staring boyfriend.

He walks back between partitions to where the restrooms are located in the back. "Impudite?" I ask quietly, once we're inside the restroom; none of the stall doors are closed, a bit of luck there.

"No, Lilim," he says. "Of... you-know-who."

"Right. Um. Buddy, we have a problem. You got pinged, and I think she got something a little too useful out of it."

Mannie blinks, and twitches, his confident mask melting away. "She's going to go tell him and I'm so fucked they're going to know where I am oh fuck--"

"Hey, hey, calm down." I give him my most reassuring smile. "Three useful people with you, and Kelly would just love to have an excuse to do something. We just need to get the boyfriend out of the way, to avoid complications. If you can drag him off somewhere, believe me, we can drag her off somewhere." At this point the restroom door opens, and Mannie takes his leave while I head over to wash my hands and consider the possibilities.

Dinner is delicious, and I tip my figurative hat to whoever decided that this many types of things can go on a pizza. You wouldn't think that thin-sliced potatoes would work so well, and yet, they do. I'd believe it if I was told the Boss was behind it, or one of his other Servitors. The conversation is inane, as it's mostly Candi babbling and Mannie pretending to listen to her, but that's no reason to ignore good food.

Ed covers dinner with his credit card, the boldest move he's made yet, and perks up when he does so. He seems the sort who's wrapped himself so far up in his company that he can only feel he's doing something when it's an outgrowth of that, and for a moment I wish I could show him how much more he could be. But there's no time for that, and we all stand up now, and Candi turns to smile at each of us and shake hands.

I'll admit it's fun to see her blink as she looks into my eyes. Then again at Jack. And when she shakes hands with Kelly, whose expression has settled into sullen with a faint touch of hope for future mayhem, well, Candi twitches nearly as much as Mannie does when we get too close to talking about Vapula. It's enough to warm an Ofanite's heart.

"Honey, I need to use the restroom," she says to her boyfriend, and she plants a delicate kiss on the side of his face. "I'll be right back. It was so good seeing you again, Mannie, we have to keep in touch better." She waves a little one hand baby wave, and traipses towards the restrooms.

Kelly follows without bothering to excuse herself, which surprises none of us. Ed mumbles something about women always going to the bathroom in packs, and then stares at me for a moment, as if he's trying to figure out what gender I am. Still male, I think. Last I checked. Must check vessel again when I'm back in the car to make sure.

Jack looks at me, and Mannie looks at me, and I wonder when I started being the one everyone followed. I'm used to everyone trailing behind me when I'm going somewhere, but that's not exactly the same. "Nice meeting you, Ed," I say, and give him a quick handshake, and then head towards the front of the restaurant. I take a quick detour at the first partition to walk as briskly as I can towards the restrooms again.

We all stop at the door. The music playing from the speakers overhead has effectively blocked sounds from inside the restroom, and there haven't been any explosions.

Mannie scratches the back of his head. "Can Kelly handle that one herself?"

"Probably," Jack says, but he frowns. "Unless something tricky goes on, which is possible. Hey, Kai. You can pass for female."

Which means I'm probably male, this vessel. "I'm on it," I say, and step inside.

The women's restrooms are set up so that you have to go around two corners to get inside, and it's all floored in slippery tile. I come around the second corner at a skid to see Kelly with her knife drawn, and the fluffy blonde in a defensive posture, bleeding from one hand. "You bitch," Candi snarls. There's a broken cell phone beneath the sinks behind her, its insides cut open.

"I was wondering what took you so long," Kelly says to me, half a turn to greet me, and in that instant the demon opens her mouth and sings.

There's a vase of dried flowers on the counter, and it's in my hand to throw when Kelly's knife catches me in the chest. "Don't," she snarls, and I drop the vase. It shatters on the floor, dried flowers everywhere. "Don't you touch her."

"Kelly?" I take a step back as she swings again. "What's--" This time the knife catches my arm, and I shout, "Jack!" Move backwards, ever backwards, no wall at my back, and the two of us slam out through the door to the restroom, right into Jack as he opens the door to come in.

Jack pulls me up as I trip on him, still trying to maneuver myself away from Kelly's precise swinging. "What's going on?" he asks, and Candi bursts out the door, runs for the exit of the restaurant. "Holy Hell!" That's at Kelly's jab at him, and he lets go of me, and I pitch forward into Kelly again.

I'm bleeding all over myself now, and wishing I'd thought to pack a change of clothes. Someone behind us is shouting. I think we've passed the exit for Discreet by a few miles at this point, and are cheerfully speeding down the highway of Public Disturbance. I throw myself at Kelly, who's never been very good at knife work once she's grappled. "Go get her," I manage, and Jack's gone, zipping between the gathering onlookers in the restaurant like an eel through water.

Kelly's stronger than I am, and my vessel isn't much heavier than hers. It doesn't help that my hands are slippery with blood. In a moment she's yanked away from me and running for the exit, but she can't get through crowds the way Jack can. Disturbance twinges at my ears as she pushes past a waiter, sending an entire tray of plates crashing to the floor.

Mannie gives me a hand up, and passes me a cloth napkin from one of the tables. "You're bleeding," he says quietly.

"Yes. In lots of places. Big help you were." It's rude of me to snarl, but it hurts, and I've lost the demon, and who knows how long Kelly's going to be running around thinking this damn Vapulan is her New Best Friend who needs protection from all of us big bad angels. Getting stabbed by your friends hurts worse than any damage done in the line of duty.

"Sorry," he says, and another napkin around my arm to stop that wound. "Someone's going to call the authorities soon, if they haven't already," he adds quietly, leaning over me. "We need to get out of here before someone thinks to stop us." He pulls me along between the people in the crowd with quick smiles and vague words about taking me to a hospital and how I should know better than to get involved in a lovers' quarrel, and if people aren't dispersing, they aren't stopping us either.

There's something dreadfully embarrassing about staggering around being supported by a demon. At least Jack's not here to see it; I'd never hear the end of it.

Out in the mall, evening crowds stare at us. "Hemophilia," Mannie says to an elderly woman who's striding up to us with all the confidence of a grandmother who knows how to put things right. "Just a little cut. We're heading off to get it looked at right now." I think he's trying to follow the blood spatters on the floor, from Candi's cut hand and the blood I left on Kelly.

"I should have known that any day involving a traffic jam would be a bad one," I say. At least none of those slices hit my legs; I can stagger along beside Mannie well enough with a bit of help. "But we are in such trouble. This should have been simple. Only one of her..."

"You underestimated her," Mannie says quietly, still smiling reassuringly at the people we pass. "Your type always does. Those who don't fight well find other ways of protecting themselves. Malakim get used to thinking of everything in terms of who can hit hardest and first, but there's more to it than that."

"Like your fire," I say, and stumble on something. Embarrassing, dreadfully embarrassing, I'm so glad none of my students can see me now. I'm supposed to be light on my feet, every step in the right place. "That's your way of protecting yourself?"

"Among others. You'd be surprised by what some people Need..." He looks around, and frowns. "We're not going to catch up with them, not with you like this. Let's find someplace private."

"Sure thing," I say, because that, at least, is something I can do. I lead the way to where a long hallway takes a sharp right for phones and restrooms, then another right towards a Staff Only door. "Here," I say, and lean back against the wall. "She's good with that knife, you know. Got to give her credit there. Big ol' knife that it is."

"A kukri," Mannie says. "Hold still." He whistles out a familiar tune, and my cuts seal themselves up. "Better. But you're covered in blood." He opens up my bag; he's been carrying it since the restaurant, and I hadn't even noticed. Probably should have left it in the car, all things considered. He passes me a fresh pair of socks, eyes the piccolo, puts it back in. "You didn't pack for a long trip. What size do you wear?"

I check the tag on my pants, and find it covered in blood. "I have no idea."

"I'll guess, then. Wait here."

He's a few minutes gone and I have a clean pair of socks on before I realize that there's something odd about this whole situation. I'll blame the traffic. It's a good thing to blame. There's probably a Demon of Traffic Jams out there somewhere, and if I ever meet him, I'm going to personally decapitate him. With something creative and ironic.

Mannie is apparently serious enough about this redemption thing. Before I've done more than doodle a few new dance steps on the wall with the damper bits of my shirts, he's back with new clothes. I adjourn to the restroom to wash my face and hands, and put on the new clothing. The jeans are tighter than I'd like, and more expensive than I'd buy for my starving-assistant-ballet-instructor Role. I step out of the restroom looking presentable, and advertising some vacuous mass-produced clothing brand on my chest. "I feel like a yuppie," I say. "Let's go find them."

"You're far too scruffy to be a yuppie," Mannie says, and leads the way back to where we saw the blood spots. The trail's been washed away by industrious mall workers with mops, but there are plenty of people who can tell a concerned boyfriend where his girlfriend ran out of the mall chasing his ex-girlfriend and pursued by the ex's current boyfriend. It's an impressively laid story, complete with dramatic acting on his part. He should be on stage, and I have to take back what I said about him not having the presence to play a King Lear. He could act every part in a play if he set his mind to it. I'm not sure if I should be pleased or worried by how much more in control he is now. At least he still seems determined to follow his original plan.

Outside the mall the trail is still there, as are two police cars. We step around the cars and stroll down the sidewalk, two friends who happen to be coming from the mall and following the trail of the blood spots. "She's going to call in someone," Mannie says. His shoulders hunch. "I'm not sure who. Probably not the Game, but... I don't know. Maybe local friends, maybe even, ah, you know who. If she hadn't noticed Kelly she might have tried to geas me by letting me go without telling anyone. Now I don't know."

"She won't if Jack and Kelly--" I shake my head. "I keep forgetting she hit Kelly with that Song. That complicates matters. I hate those sorts of Songs." I've never liked the idea of messing with people's minds, twisting how they think. It's way too Shedite for my taste, even if angels can use those same Songs for good. It makes my fingers itch to even think about having it happen to me. "We need to catch up with them. Jack might be able to take Kelly on his own, but not the both of them, especially if Candi can do that again."

Mannie shrugs. "She probably blew most of her Essence to make sure it worked. So it depends on whether or not she's had time to stop and get Kelly's Essence too." He glances around us as we reach an exit of the mall's parking garage, and shudders. "I hate this city. We need to get out of here soon."

"Agreed. But we need to find Kelly and Jack first."

"I'm not so sure about that," and now he's looking at me as if he expects me to save him somehow, which is not an idea I'd like to have building in his head. I've done my fair share of jobs, and I'd like to think that I'm generally competent, but a rescuer of wayward demons I am not.

"Let me put it this way," I say. "Do you have the keys to the car?"

"No..."

"Do you know how to steal a car?"

"...no."

"Do you want to try to escape via bus? In Los Angeles?"

"Point made. We'll find them first."

By now my feet want to go charging down the street as fast as I can take them, but I settle for a brisk walk, unlikely to draw attention. Well, unlikely to draw much attention; there aren't many people on the sidewalks in this city. I'm not sure why they bother with sidewalks, given the non-existent pedestrian traffic.

The blood drops have dried up, and there aren't enough people outside to ask if they've seen anyone run past. "Any idea where she'd run?" I ask. Mannie shakes his head, and frowns. "Right, then. Kelly's going to be trying to protect her, right?"

"That's how it works, yes."

"So by the time Kelly caught up with her, she'd be dragging the demon off somewhere Kelly thought was a good defensible position." I don't like the idea that I'm the person in charge of tactics. I'm more comfortable letting myself be pointed in a direction to run, and hitting things as they present themselves for the hitting. I take my piccolo out of my bag, and consider what I know of how Kelly would think.

So, there's a street outside a mall, and she's looking for a place where she can take on Jack, who's taller than her and pretty angry at this point. He's also not the sort to feel bad about smacking a friend if said friend needs smacking, so she can't count on any hesitation. She's trying to protect someone she thinks is utterly helpless, so... narrow spaces. Places where she can stand in the way while Candi runs for a phone, dammit, but please let it be a phone and not an attempt to call up Vapula. We may be able to outrun other demons, but there's no way we're going to outrun a Demon Prince.

"This way." I take off at a run, trusting Mannie to follow behind. It's too late to worry about not splitting up, and this doesn't seem like a horror movie. He's proven himself reliable, right? It's not like he ditched me when he had the chance, even if he must be ready to bolt anywhere to get out of this situation.

Around a shoe store, past a run-down video arcade, and back there, an alleyway running from one street to another, full of junk. Perfect.

And, of course, correct. Jack's still standing, though he's bleeding worse than I was; I think his Superior gives him tougher vessels than I get, on account of believing he'd need the resistance more often. Kelly's standing in the center of the alley, knife in hand, as dangerous-looking as I've ever seen her. A bruise on her cheek suggests Jack's gotten one swing in, but she's winning.

"I don't want to hurt you," she says, "but I can't let you go any further." The demon's not even in sight. Just our luck.

"Hey, Kelly," I say, and light on my feet, my run turns into a spin as she swings at me, now that I'm expecting it from her. Try not to think about it being her, and remember that Malakim aren't so bothered by a bit of corporeal death.

My Boss gave me a few talents. I try to make good use of them. The piccolo slams through her chest harder than something made for music ought to.

"Sorry," I say, and she crumples down in front of me, eyes wide. I know she's used to it, I know she's been here before, and when she's back to being herself she'll thank me for it, but, damn it. Damn the infernal thing that made me do this, and if it's already damned, well, kill it. I want it dead.

"She'll understand," Jack says, wiping blood out of his eyes. He crouches down and begins going through her pockets, takes her knife. To give it back to her later. Of course. "The Boss will get her head back on straight, and give her a talking-to for getting into this situation, and then she'll back." Mannie's caught up to us now, and Jack packs all of Kelly's wires and explosives into my bag. "We should get moving. I'll call one of our Tethers from our next stop so that she'll know where to meet us."

"I'm surprised she isn't back already," Mannie says, with a nervous look around that says he's wondering if she's going to be at us with another knife.

"That was her backup vessel," Jack says. "She'll have to ask our Boss for a new one, and he won't send her back until she's thinking straight. But I don't know how long that'll be."

"We need to keep moving before the police show up," Mannie says. "This isn't a city where I want to talk my way out of a murder case. I don't know who's going to show up once she has a chance to call..." He twitches. "Let's go now."

"Come on," Jack says. Hand on my shoulder. "You're supposed to be the practical one, remember?"

"We can't let her just go like that," I say. I want to hurt that demon in a way I haven't wanted to hurt anyone in a while. I've gotten into my fair share of fights, but it's usually just fun and games, business. Nothing personal. They've done something wrong, they refuse to stop, I get to convince them of the error of their ways. Part of my job. This makes me want to be unreasonable, impractical. I want to set something on fire. I want to set someone on fire. I want to drop this vessel and do something unpleasant where it really counts.

"Hey," Jack says, gives me a shake. "Snap out of it, Kai. You're not doing her any good if we sit here and get arrested. Now grab your flute and let's find a car."

"It's a piccolo," I say. I don't know how I'm ever going to get the blood out properly.

Half an hour later we're in a sporty little sedan with an unnecessary spoiler, heading north. Jack's driving, with Mannie in the front seat, and I sit in the back trying to work the blood out of my piccolo with my last pair of clean socks, which are no longer clean. I wish Mannie had thought to pick up a pair for me. "Hey, Mannie," I say. "I thought you were broke. How did you get these clothes for me?"

"I stole someone's wallet," Mannie says, and shifts in his seat when Jack and I both stare at him. "It's good to have a few skills that aren't directly relevant to work."

"I could get to really like you," Jack says. He's grinning like nothing happened, and I guess in a way nothing much did happen. We got out more or less safely, and if someone was going to get killed, Kelly's the one who will bounce back fastest.

I still think the Boss would be disappointed in me. I mean, he'd be nice about it, because he always is, but I should have come up with a better plan, figured things out faster, hit Kelly the first time in the restroom before that demon could get away. Or followed faster so I could have helped Jack in the chase. Something. I wish I were back at home with my phone and bagpipes and ballet classes and fighting with the board of directors for funding. Doing what I know how to do. Doing what I'm supposed to be doing, instead of running around with a demon who can't figure out if he wants to redeem he should just go to a Tether like everyone else. If the Boss wanted me to find him, he'd be showing up. I'm doing everything all wrong.

We stop at a gas station to refuel, and Jack calls some friend of his to pass on word to a Tether of Wind that we'll be passing near it soon. Mannie gets coffee for everyone, and he brings four cups back to the car, stares at them for a moment, hands me two of them.

I drink both, and wait by the pay phone for a few minutes while Jack works out which credit card to use inside. And then Jack's back outside and it's time to keep driving. The phone doesn't ring. The Boss never calls, these days.

Adala had arranged their schedule such that they were to check on Kai at three in the afternoon, which allowed time between his classes but in no way approached a meal time closely enough to give him an excuse to try to cook. Adala was somewhat proud of this, as everyone in her triad could remember what happened the last time they'd arrived late and visited at dinner time. Nomikos, Malakite of Judgment and a true sword of justice, had passed on his quiet thanks when she told them about this, as he was the one who'd had to put out the kitchen on that occasion. It was somewhat beneath his dignity to wield a fire extinguisher, though he did note that it was responsible of Kai to have one so close at hand.

At precisely three o'clock Adala knocked on the door. She waited a minute for an answer, then knocked again. Still no answer. She frowned. Kai was not the sort to have a wild social life that kept him away from home, but it was possible that he'd forgotten about the appointment and was completing some Role-appropriate errand. The door proved to be unlocked, which was worrisome. "We will wait inside until he returns, or a better course of action presents itself," she said, and led her fellows into the apartment.

The main room was a mess. It was always a mess, though Kai usually spent half the duration of their visits darting about trying to clean up. The computer was on, suggesting a return in short order. Dedan checked the kitchen and reported that nothing was cooking, which brought a small, quiet sigh of relief from all of them.

After fifteen minutes with no sign of Kai, Dedan suggested to the Most Holy that they inquire elsewhere to his whereabouts, as too much delay would cause their schedule to deviate from its planned course. This was agreed upon as a prudent course of action, and so Dedan phoned the instructor Kai worked with to inquire if a class might be going late.

The news that Kai had been gone on a family emergency for over a week was not taken well. "He must have done something wrong," Nomikos declared, in the unhappy tone of someone who does not like what he has been forced to say.

"Nonsense," Dedan replied, untangling the mass of knots that Kai's phone cord had been twisted into. "He's a responsible sort, and not the kind to run off for no good reason. He's always been cooperative, and eager to help us in any way he could."

"True," said Adala. She considered the matter for a moment, as Nomikos began to pace the floor. "It seems most likely that he was called away by someone else. He didn't let us know he wouldn't be here, so it's also likely that he didn't realize he would be gone for so long."

"He does have a friend who works for Wind," Dedan pointed out, and he frowned. "This friend stops by at irregular intervals as a sort of roommate, if you recall from our previous discussions. An extended absence might be connected to this Wind Servitor."

They considered this, and agreed that this was a likely cause of Kai's departure from his accustomed routine. "It's quite a Windy sort of thing to do," Nomikos said. "It would be like them to pull him out of his assigned tasks to accompany them on some illegal enterprise."

"But Kai isn't the sort to carelessly break the law," Dedan pointed out. Adala could only concur with this statement, as Kai had proven himself to be quite law-abiding except on those situations where it would interfere with a virtuous task he had been assigned, for the cause of Heaven.

"He might if he were convinced that their enterprise was meant for some greater good that outweighed the deeds necessary to complete it," said Nomikos. "And while we all agree that Kai is a well-meaning sort, he is perhaps too easily swayed by the arguments of his friends."

"He's fallen under bad influences," Dedan said.

"Led astray from his careful dedication to duty," Nomikos said.

"Corrupted by the Windies who are, if suited in their own way to their place in the Symphony and God's work, not the most advisable of companions for an impressionable young Servitor of Eli who, without an Archangel to guide his steps, finds himself swayed by the words of those who would not take proper care to ensure he doesn't fall into temptations he isn't prepared to deal with," Dedan said.

Adala thought over their words while they waited on her decision. It took a moment to unpack that sentence. "Guardian, you show admirable concern for the wellbeing of this Wheel," she said. "Virtue, you would know well how one's duty may become obscured without careful attention. We must report this to the Most Just."

All agreed to this course of action. Adala added the resolution to her weekly report, and scheduled an interim report of the incident with a request for instructions for her next available time slot. Dedan saved all of the open documents on the computer and shut it down to conserve electricity, and Nomikos, with what might have been called by the crude a nervous air, double-checked the fire extinguisher in the kitchen to make sure it wasn't in need of inspection. At this point they left, on time to reach their next appointment promptly.

Driving through San Francisco is a blast, especially at night. Up the hill! Down the hill! Up the hill! Down the hill! I may have run a few red lights, but it never seems to be a problem for Kelly or Jack, so I'm not too worried about it, though the triad might be stern about the matter when I next see them.

"Oh, man. I completely forgot." I run a red light without even thinking about it until I'm through, and nearly take the fender off a taxi who was too eager on the green. "They're going to be so worried. I've got to call them as soon as we get to the Tether."

"Call who?" Jack opens his eyes from where he's been daydreaming of whatever it is that occupies his mind.

"My triad. They come by the second Friday of every month to see how I'm doing, and that was yesterday. I didn't leave a note or anything. Never thought I'd be gone this long. I've got to call and let them know I'm okay, or they'll be wondering."

"Don't! They'll ask questions, and then you'll answer questions, and it all goes to Hell from there." That's Mannie, and I think he means the part about going to Hell literally. I wonder if he's one of those demons who thinks that Judgment and the Game are in on everything, and that triads turn Renegades over to the Game for punishment, but I can't think of a way to ask him without being rude. "Look, just... You can get back to them about it later, right? After we've found Eli?"

"They won't mind waiting a while to catch up with you," Jack says lazily. A sure sign that he never thought of fledging Seraph, because it can't be that he's never met a triad. He may not have met mine, but I'm sure none of them are happy about letting something like this slide with no notice. "If you're really worried, we'll drop a note with the caretaker at the Tether, and they can pass it on in a few days. Then when we're finished here you can give them the full story. No harm done."

"But... I was going to make them brownies. I had it all planned out. And I completely forgot."

"Kai, you can't make toast without setting the toaster on fire."

"Exactly. But toast is boring. It's just scorched bread. So I was thinking, hey, brownies are creative. They make something interesting and new from boring ingredients. I thought if I tried those, maybe I'd be, you know, more in tune with the Word I serve, and it would work better. In a less flammable manner."

Jack grins at me. "Kai, I think they'll forgive you for not having brownies. And they'll understand once you explain. So stop worrying about it, okay?"

"I'm going to agree with Jack on this one," Mannie says. Much as I know he's biased due to an unreasonable fear of Judgment (which is made up nice, understanding, fair people, if a bit on the strict side), I can't help but agree with both of them. Besides, I'm not in the mood to try to explain that nasty little blotch of dissonance I picked up. It's my fault, but I think there were extenuating circumstances, all things considered. So if I meet up with the Boss first, I can explain it to him and apologize for screwing up, and he'll tell me how to make it right. That way, when I go talk to the triad, it'll be sorted out and they won't have to worry about it.

So I'm doing them a favor in not bothering them about it. They'll understand when I explain everything in the end. They're nice guys, though Nomikos is weirdly twitchy for a Malakite; I can't even offer him coffee when they're stopping by without him jumping around. Maybe he doesn't like caffeine, and isn't sure how to turn it down politely? I'll have to find out the next time they're by, or start offering decaf. Virtues can be funny about etiquette sometimes, and Judgment ones even more so.

I idle by City Hall while Jack runs off to find Kelly and leave my message with the caretaker. Neither Mannie nor I wants to walk into a Tether right now, for our own reasons.

"I always thought it was inefficient," Mannie says, while we wait, "to not bother stabilizing Tethers. You'd think Janus would want more of them around. Strategic value and so forth. He's one of the more warlike Archangels, isn't he?"

"I think it wouldn't fit well with his nature, though," I say, and shrug. I've never paid much attention to the policies of other Archangels except to make sure I can be polite to their Servitors. After all, they have their own Words to maintain. "Too static."

"Word nature over practicality. It would make sense." Mannie leans forward from the back seat and begins flipping through the contents of the glove box. This is the second car since Los Angeles, and we haven't had a chance to explore its full potential, though I did find out how fast I could make it go before the engine started whimpering.

"Have you given Words any thought?" I ask him, as he goes through registration, junk mail, an actual glove in the glove box (which is the first time I've ever seen one in that space), pens without caps and pencils with the lead broken off. "I mean, what you'd like to do once you've redeemed. You've spent plenty of time with two different types of Servitors, but I'm sure they'll want you to meet everyone before making a decision."

"I hadn't thought that far ahead," Mannie says. He's been quiet since I killed -- since Kelly's vessel got killed, and thoughtful, and he keeps giving both me and Jack these odd looks when he doesn't think I can see. You can see a lot with a rearview mirror tilted the right way. It's not like I need to know what's behind the car, after all. I'm going forward; the people behind me can take care of themselves. "It's been... Well. Mostly a matter of finding the artifact and getting it to Eli. After that, things aren't under my control anymore." He smiles, a small sad smile. "Not that they're much under my control right now, either. But, no, I hadn't thought any further than that. After all, the redemption is so... uncertain." He snaps the glove box closed and sits back.

"I don't know why Falling should be so much easier than redemption." I shift in my seat, and want to be moving again. You'd think that a Windy could get a simple message passed on a faster than this. "It doesn't seem fair. But I'm sure you'll be fine."

"It makes perfect sense," Mannie says. "It's basic thermodynamics. Loss is always easier than gain. Breaking things is easier than putting them together. You could call it another example of entropy, if you wanted. It's a grand metaphor, fighting entropy or trying to ride it downhill..."

Listening to a Vapulan is an exercise in brain-hurting, even a former one. "So the whole Symphony is... physics?"

"Or physics is a manifestation of the Symphony. Whichever way you'd like to interpret it." He touches the pocket where he's keeping that awful little talisman. It's pretty enough, and I'll grant that there's some real art in how it curves, but something to help with sorcery is just wrong, no two ways about it. It can't possibly be anything my Boss made, no matter what Mannie claims.

Jack dashes back to the car, and drops into the shotgun seat. "Don't say anything about it," he tells us quickly, but I'm already boggling at the little old lady stomping towards us, an all-too-familiar expression on her face.

"Kelly?"

"Not a word," she says, and slouches down into the seat next to Mannie. She's even carrying a bag. Of yarn. I almost ask her if she'd mind loaning it to me so that I can try to work out how to knit by studying a sweater, but I decide that she wouldn't take the request well.

"So," Jack says, as I pull away from the curb, "was he trying to teach you a lesson, or was that the only vessel he had immediately handy?"

"I do not want to talk about it." Kelly shifts in her seat, and glares balefully at all of us. "Did you at least catch that..." She searches for a sufficiently acidic word for the demon who was twisting her mind.

"No," I say. It doesn't hurt as much to tell her as I'd expected. "We had to run in case she got to a phone already, or summoned Va -- ah, you-know-who."

There's a small squeak in the back, and a thump, when Kelly tackles Mannie as he's going for the door. That should raise her mood. "In any case," I say, "we didn't get a chance, much as we would all love to meet up with her and explain that doing that isn't nice. I'm sorry about that. Maybe the next time we're through the city..."

"Don't worry about it," Kelly says, though her voice implies she's going to find a way to worry about it later, or make someone else worry about it a great deal. "So where's our next stop?"

"Seattle's holding a Shakespeare festival," I say. "They're doing a bunch of his minor plays, and there's a decent chance -- well, there's at least a rumor that the Boss might be showing up there. Everyone loves Cymbeline, right? Especially the bit with Zeus descending from the sky on the back of a golden eagle, though they cut that out of a lot of productions for time, budget, and plausibility reasons. Which is something of a pity, because it's a great scene, and actually thematically relevant to the whole thing."

There's a pause while the three of them look at me. It annoys me. Haven't they ever seen Shakespeare? I'll grant that Cymbeline isn't one of his best-known plays, but all the more reason to grab any chance to see it.

If I weren't riding around with a Renegade demon in the back seat, my triad uninformed of my whereabouts, and my classes left without my help in teaching... I could be enjoying this trip. Hitting every place people say Eli might be showing up is the best way to tour the country, aside from that one raver party we hit that was, quite frankly, not all that creative as those things go.

Six hours later we're just coming up on Salem when Mannie looks up from the map he found under the seat. "Kai? We're going to need to detour around Portland."

"Around Portland?" I review the map in my head; I may not be always up to speed on local politics or the like, but geography is one subject I know forwards, backwards, and in three dimensions. "You want to get to Seattle without -- why? I mean, we can do it, but... how far do you want us to skirt it by?"

"As far as possible," Mannie says, and he scratches the back of his head, not quite meeting my eyes in the rearview mirror. "You can just... go around it, right?"

"Have you looked at the way the interstates are -- no, no, it's fine, I can go around Portland. But you realize, this is likely to make us late to the first performance." I'm already running through the changes in my head. I'll have to hit I-85 and travel east for a while, and depending on how far he wants to go around Portland, the fastest bet would be taking the turnoff we passed ten minutes ago. I slam on the brakes, back up to the exit I just passed, and swing a fast turn around back onto the highway in the other direction. "One trip to Seattle minus Portland, coming right up."

"Nice turn," Jack says, and I can tell he wishes he was driving. Maybe at the next gas stop I can let him -- but no, I don't want to stop moving. Ninety miles an hour for as long as I can keep it up, every exit the right one to take, every road the best one to go where I want to go, and maybe I can burn rubber for long enough to be doing my job properly again.

Kelly mutters something as she tries to rearrange herself on the seat from where the turn flung her about. The vessel she's been given is awfully aerodynamic for a Windy, and I'd offer to give it a few years' boost in a younger direction, but I don't know if she'd take the suggestion kindly. "This would be much easier if you were willing to talk to our Boss," Kelly says disapprovingly, and she has reason to be grumpy about how long this is all taking. Windies don't really do long-term projects.

Mannie shrugs. "I'm sure he's an excellent Superior, but he's a bit too... warlike, for my comfort level."

"But it's not like Eli is all fluffy bunnies and happy people holding hands," Jack says, with a dazzling white grin at me. "So why him?"

"I knew a -- I knew someone once who told me the Archangel of Creation had helped form the world," Mannie says. "If anyone can get me through this, it would be someone who could do that. Who understands putting things together, not just taking them apart." He stares at the window, and smiles. "Besides, if I want to get the real story on what Judgment does to people like me, talking to someone who's on Dominic's hit list is a good way to hear the truth of the matter."

"I wish people would stop passing that story around." I run another red light, and take a moment to wonder if the Windys are a bad influence. I'll have to ask my triad the next time they catch up to me. "It's entirely wrong. The Boss needed to do something big, and knew he was going to be gone for a while, so of course he asked Dominic to keep an eye on all of his Servitors while he was gone, to make sure no one screwed up just because their Archangel wasn't around to see it."

"I see," Mannie says. "But then why do the angels of Judgment keep asking everyone if they've seen Eli?"

"It's not like the Boss can drop by Heaven to say hello, not with his big plan and all that. This is a good way for Dominic to keep track of where the Boss is going and how the plan is working, without letting on about any of the details." I keep having to explain this to people; I don't know why it's so hard for them to grasp. It's not like it's that complicated of a plan.

"I see," Mannie says, and in the rearview mirror I can see him staring at the back of my head for a bit. "Never let it be said that you're not creative, Kai."

"Thanks!"

The interstate isn't half as much fun as San Francisco was, even if I can keep a higher speed, and it's nearly enough to have me cranking on the cruise control. Not that I'd take that easy way out, not when it's much more a test of skill to hit the gas and brake just right, and zip in and out and between cars that aren't moving as fast as they ought. Back roads, now, those are halfway between dull as dirt for the lack of traffic and entertaining for the obstacles they contain.

It's just when I'm rounding a curve on an incline that a front tire decides to blow in the jostle of a pothole, and the world spins in a way I'm not used to seeing it spinning, at least not when I'm vessel-bound and inside a car. Kelly shouts something I can't quite hear, Jack's hitting the windshield, and I'm just coherent enough to be thankful I was responsible and wore my seatbelt when the whole mass of metal crashes down onto the pavement again, and,

spin

slide

ow.

When I open my eyes again, Mannie is shaking his head at me. "I thought Ofanim were supposed to be good drivers."

"Fast," I say, "fast drivers. Good is optional." There's a hand to help me to my feet, and it's trembling. "You okay?"

"Whatever your Role may be, I don't think it covers totaling a car, several fence posts, and the remains of what I think was some sort of, ah, shack." I do seem to be sitting in the middle of broken planks on the edge of the field we'd been passing, and sure enough, the car's propped neatly on its side, smoking, a fence post embedded into it. "I try to be careful, and the last time I made that much disturbance there was an entire laboratory going up in flames."

"We're in the middle of nowhere. Who's going to hear it?" I shake my head to get rid of the lingering urge to roll instead of walk. "Hey, cool, so that's what the underside of a car looks like!"

"...you've never looked?"

"I drive them, not fix them." And there's Jack glowering at the long, bloody tear in his jacket. It doesn't match him anymore, which is a pity, because having a friend who's invisible in the dark if he remembers not to smile is handy. He could get the same effect if he went naked, but for some reason Servitors of other Superiors don't have the same attitude towards nudity that Creationers do. "Hey, where's Kelly?"

"Through the windshield," Jack says, and gestures at a lump not far from the car. "The Boss is going to be annoyed at this point. But, hey," he says quickly, I'm sure my face is already showing the way I feel, "don't stress it. Malakim, weebles, same difference."

"Weebles?" Mannie asks. He's wrapped his arms around himself despite the heat of the day, and his hands are still shaking.

"You know. 'Weebles wobble, but they don't fall down!' It's... never mind." Jack eyes Kelly's vessel. "She is having the worst luck this trip. If I didn't know better, I'd think someone had it in for her, not Mannie."

Mannie's not paying attention to the body, not with a car to inspect. He puts one hand against the hood and shoves, but it's not settling back down without more force than that. "Middle of nowhere... Do either of you have a cell phone?"

"Too traceable," Jack says, at the same time as I say, "What's the point?"

"No way to call a mechanic. We're in the middle of nowhere. We just let loose a massive burst of disturbance. And, ah, we wouldn't want to miss the first act of Cymbeline." Mannie shakes his head. "I sometimes think I should have -- but no matter. Jack, Kai, would you be so kind as to give me a hand in righting the car?"

It's easy enough to shove it back onto its tires -- well, three tires and one rim -- and Mannie yanks the hood open, frowning. "I have absolutely no tools here, but I'll have to manage. Kai, would you check the trunk for any sort of toolkit or items you might, ah, creatively make into tools? Jack, if you'd watch the road for cars, it would be faster to take another one than fix this if the opportunity presents itself..."

"I'm a Windy, not a Thief," Jack says indignantly. "I don't just steal any car I happen to come across."

Mannie looks up, and his eyes refocus from wherever they'd been staring, as if he were watching someone a great distance behind Jack. "Quite right," he says, and I can see his hands aren't shaking any more. "I apologize for implying otherwise. You must forgive my bad habits. I am attempting to correct them."

There's a tool kit in the trunk, geared more towards home repair than car repair, I think, but it seems serviceable enough. I haul it up to Mannie and drop it on the ground next to him. "You know, I bet I could put together a spiffy little go-cart sort of thing using the three wheels, some of those fence poles, and the car's engine."

"Thank you," Mannie says, "but that won't be necessary." He pokes delicately through the bit of the car that was smashed by the poles, pliers in one hand, with the precision of a doctor doing exploratory surgery.

After a few minutes it becomes clear he doesn't want help from either of us, so Jack and I head further down the line of fence, him slouching along beside it while I do cartwheels along the rails. "I like him more when he's nervous than when he's confident," Jack says quietly. "This is taking longer than I expected."

"Well," I say, dropping down from a handstand to sit on the fence, "it's not like the Boss makes himself easy to find, these days." It doesn't even hurt to say this anymore. The Boss has big plans, so big there's no way I can help, except by staying out of his way and doing my job. "It's good that Mannie's getting over the twitchiness, right?"

"Maybe," Jack says, and refuses to elaborate, so I spend a few minutes weaving little squares out of the reeds that grow by the fenceposts, and then try to figure out how to alternate them properly to work in more complex designs. I wish I had my bagpipes with me; this open field is crying out for a good bit of squawking, and I could use the practice. I'll be rusty at it by the time I get back home.

Squares become rectangles, ovals, jaunty patterns worked into the reeds with bits of grass and twigs from the tree we sat beneath. "I need to call the director again when we get to the next gas station," I say. I've missed more than a week of classes, an entire week of kids wondering where their favorite instructor is, of learning the wrong steps and imprecise moves because the official teacher doesn't pay close attention. But surely the Boss knows all this, and he'll be waiting at the festival we're almost at, he'll be there waiting, and take care of Mannie, and I can hitch a ride home from Jack, and it'll all be fine. Really.

"You can say your ailing relative passed away and you need to stay for the funeral," Jack suggests, on his back with a blade of grass in his mouth, staring at the tree above us. It's a lovely tree, fluffy and rough by turns, with a light carpet of leaves and grass to keep the dirt from being too rough beneath us. I wish I could paint the way the tree feels, and if it were a little more sturdy I'd already be climbing up to the top branches. "I mean, it's close enough to the truth, with the way you keep -- um."

"Killing Kelly's vessels?" I sigh and toss away the swatch I'm working on, a tight-knit star made of reeds and grass. I'm running out of reeds in my immediate vicinity anyway. "You know, until I started this trip, I'd never toasted any vessel that didn't belong to a demon who was actively trying to fight back. And now I've managed to take out a Malakite twice. Once on purpose. This strikes me as a lack of progress on my part. My triad is going to be so disappointed in me."

"They're Judgment. Are they ever not disappointed in people?" Jack has the opinion, as do most of his fellow Servitors, that all the triads are just big meanies out to spoil the fun and whimsy of Windies and Creationers. It's one of the reasons I could never work for his Boss, not even on a temporary basis.

I'm not about to argue Heavenly politics with a friend, not when we're dealing with delays and stress. So I make a noncommittal noise, and run my hands through the grass. Novalis, now, there's an Archangel whose policies I could get behind, if only she weren't so picky about violence. There's nothing wrong with properly applied violence, and, hey, it's fun. Even with Jack losing half an arm that time, there was a certain thrill to beating down that hideous thing in the basement of the dead town.

Mannie walks over to us, wiping his hands clean on a black handkerchief. "The car is," he says, and hesitates, "I wouldn't call it fixed -- if any of my assistants had ever called something this poorly repaired fixed I would have been annoyed -- but it will function for a dozen miles. Maybe two dozen. I trust you can find us the nearest gas station, Kai?"

"Like you have to ask?" I jump to my feet, and I'm halfway back to the car before Jack's even sat up. "I'll keep it under 80 the whole way there. Come on, if we hurry we can still make it in time for the descent of Zeus."

"Wouldn't want to lose sight of the important goals of this trip," Jack says. He examines the car before gingerly returning to the battered shotgun seat. "Mannie, how did you get out of the wreck sufficiently in one piece to be able to sing the rest of us back to health?" The whole back window is broken, I think where one of the fence posts went through it, and there's a large hole in the windshield where Kelly went through. I'm not looking at that lump, though I do have to wonder at what the person who finds it is going to think, a sweet little old lady in the middle of a field.

"I snapped celestial when the car started to flip," Mannie says, and he stretches his legs out in the back seat now that he's not sharing it with anyone. "It seemed worth the Essence spent to ensure that the one person with the Song of Healing wasn't taken out." His hand touches the pocket where the artifact is kept, and I remember that if his vessel were killed, he'd end up in Limbo, trying to gather enough Essence together to make another one and come back. All alone in the gray with nothing but yourself to talk to, no way to move anywhere, nothing to see... I shudder, and start the car.

It makes strange sounds as I drive, and refuses to go above 30 miles per hour, but it does move. Driving with half the windshield gone is strange, but, hey, Creationer. I can adapt. Frazzled as my nerves have started to become, I can still find a gas station in a two-story town that could use a more exciting color scheme. Mannie heads inside to negotiate with the coffee machine while Jack argues repair prices with the mechanic shop that huddles up by the convenience store.

I find a pay phone, and dig out the last of my coins. Usually I save quarters for doing laundry, but you can't have everything.

Flora, the nice but inattentive secretary who works for the director of the board, patches me through right away. They must be getting worried. "Hey," I say, "it's Kai. It's... um, taking me longer than expected. I really am sorry to be gone for this long."

"Kai," says the director, in that smooth voice he uses on parents balking at prices, donors unconvinced about how much to contribute, people who would argue with his teacher appointments. "We've been getting worried about you here. You know, little Sally Fieldman broke down in tears in the middle of class and wouldn't continue because you weren't there."

"Aw, man..." Sally's parents are in the middle of a nasty custody dispute, and so far as I know, it's only through the sorts of tantrums a dedicated eight year old can throw that she's managed to keep up the ballet lessons despite all their bickering. No kid should end up in that sort of situation, and she enjoys ballet, she really does. I ought to be back there. "I'm so sorry. I'm wrapping up here as quickly as I can, it's just... family matters, you know?"

"We understand, Kai, we really do. You can take as much time as you need for this matter you're attending to. It's only that, well..." He lets out a small sigh, the one he uses for convincing people he's serious about something. "I do worry about you. Are you sure you're doing the right thing?"

"Yeah," I say, and the metal cord they use on pay phones to keep them from being cut is trying to twist the circulation off in my wrist, the way I have it tangled up. "Yeah, I'm sure." I'm not, but it's too late to give up, and I can't leave Jack alone with Mannie, the two of them to find the Boss. I'm not just sticking with them because I want to see the Boss again. It's not that at all. I'm being responsible and seeing a job through, like my triad always says I should.

"Well, then, there's nothing to worry about," the director says, with a polite chuckle. "Oh! That reminds me, those three friends of yours who drop by sometimes? They stopped by a few days ago, and they seemed concerned. Did you forget to tell them you'd be out of town? They were asking after your whereabouts."

I'm going to have so much explaining to do when my triad catches up with me. "Yeah, I must have forgotten to pass it on to them. I'm sorry about the hassle..."

"No, it's none at all," he says, and then, "They did say something about returning later to see if you were back, or calling back to see if I had any more news. I don't suppose there's any way you could be contacted, that I could pass on to them if they ask again?"

"Um," I say, and weigh the pros and cons of talking to my triad as soon as possible, as opposed to waiting until this whole thing is taken care of. It'd be best to deal with them right away, no matter what Jack and Mannie think. Neither of them has to stick around for the meeting, if they're uncomfortable with it. "Well, I'm heading to Seattle to take care of some of this business, but I'm not sure where I'm staying there. Or, no, wait, tell them I'll be stopping by my dad's place, if they're going to be in the area or want to leave a message." There's one major Tether to Creation in Seattle, and that should be clear enough for them to figure out.

"I'd be happy to pass that on," the director says, and if I hate how smarmy he is with people, he's not such a bad guy when it comes to running the community center. I have to admit, he gets things done. "Thank you for checking in with me, Kai. I have a substitute assistant lined up for the immediate future, but please call again if your plans change."

"I'll do that," I say, and hang up as Mannie steps outside with three cups of coffee. "Oo, did you get me the butterscotch kind?"

"All they had was regular and decaf," Mannie says. He passes over a cup, and sets the other on top of the ice machine while Jack continues to bicker with the mechanic. "Did you work everything out with your employers?"

"Yeah, it's all good. The director's willing to give me as much time as I need, which is handy, though I'm hoping we won't need much more." I sincerely wish for a speedy resolution, because if this goes on much longer I'm going to have to call up my triad and ask them to pay the rent for me so that the landlord doesn't dump my bagpipes in the trash.

Jack stalks over to us, muttering. "Failed the diplomacy check," he says, and then, at our blank stares, "There is no way this car is getting fixed as fast as we need it to. However, for an exorbitant sum, the mechanic's cousin will drive us to the next city, where we can rent a car."

"Exorbitant sum? Jack, you're rolling in money." I don't add that it's largely not his money. He's an angel and a Servitor of Janus in good standing; however he came by the money, I'll assume it was justified, no matter how Judgment may get twitchy about it.

"Yes, but it's the principle of the thing."

Dedan and Nomikos were comparing notes on what they'd thought of their most recent appointment when a reliever fluttered up to them, bobbing its head with the perfunctory, chipper greeting of someone determined to become a Servitor of Wind. "Greetings, most judgmental ones!" it chirped, beating its fire-rimmed wings furiously as it hovered in the air. "I have a message, for, quite possibly, you!"

Nomikos frowned, but Dedan said, "Thank you, little one. Who is the message from?"

The reliever bounced up and down in the air. "But I'm supposed to deliver it to a triad, and I see only two of you, which is, to my eyes, not quite the same as three! Have you lost your Seraph along the way? The message is indubitably specifically entirely for a triad! Not at all for a devout duo!"

Dedan coughed, to cover the sound of Nomikos grinding his teeth together. "However, as you face a majority of the triad, and we can promise to pass the message along to the remaining member, I believe it's appropriate for you to give us the message."

"Oh, well." It dropped down to the edge of the fountain where they sat, and, bouncing from one side to another, closed its eyes and recited: "Dear Dedan Nomikos and Adala comma I'm very sorry to have missed our last appointment period I was called away by urgent business comma to help out some friends of mine comma and it's taking longer than expected period I'll give you the full details when I see you next period I apologize for any concern I may have caused in the meantime period sincerely comma Kai comma Ofanite of Creation!" The reliever opened its eyes again, and beamed. "I especially like that last part. Why didn't you fledge Ofanite? They're the best, you know."

The Malakite and Cherub exchanged glances, and Dedan raised a polite paw. "If you would hold a moment, could you tell us who you received this message from?"

"Oh! You ask all the hard questions." The reliever scrunched up its face and thought very hard. "I got it from this one guy who didn't want to come by here who got it from this other guy who got it from someone else! Who might have gotten it from somewhere else before that, I'm not sure." It bounced back into the air. "Always happy to be of service in the expedient delivery of important messages, judgey people! Toodle-oo! Have fun with the doing the right thing thing!" It darted off into the air, zipping around obstacles or nothing at all.

"Well," Nomikos said, after a moment, "at least we know our theory was correct."

"We ought to alert Adala immediately," Dedan said, and shook his mane irritably as he peered about the plaza to see if she were nearby. "Spending time with Servitors of Janus can't be good for Kai's grasp on the appropriate way for a Servitor of Eli to conduct itself in its Archangel's absence."

"It may be that they've given Kai reason to believe Eli can be found," Nomikos suggested, and the two of them considered this. "If so, I'm afraid Kai's sense may have flown out the window. He's a well-meaning sort, but..."

Both of them filled in the rest of that sentence silently.

"Someone needs to rescue him," Nomikos said. "It seems obvious to me that we're the correct choice for this assignment, as we have known him for longer than any other servants of the Most Just."

"Though we will, of course, need to clear this with the Most Just, before pursuing the matter."

"We ought to do so. However, we also ought to pursue this quickly, and to do so would fall under our assigned duty of ensuring Kai does not fall under the sway of corrupting influences."

They eyed each other for a moment. The Malakite blinked first. "Adala will know the Truth of the matter."

"No doubt."

The two of them tromped away to find their Seraph, who would be able to settle as close to an argument as these two had yet come.

Jack's out picking up Kelly's new vessel from a Creation Tether, which leaves Mannie and me in the motel room we got for the duration of the festival. It's not bad as motels go, clean sheets and no suspicious lingering smells, but Mannie's been muttering about how much he's used to better hotels since we got here, which is starting to get on my nerves.

I swear, jumping up and down on the bed isn't meant to get back at him for it. It's just that he's twitchy about wandering Seattle right now (something about a tech conference going on at a convention center) and someone has to stay with him while Jack's out and honestly, what's the point of having good springs on a bed if you're not going to do a bit of jumping? Which means the look he's giving me is unreasonable.

"You're bored," I say. "I can tell. Try this out, see if it helps?"

"I think my head would hit the ceiling," Mannie says. "And it's not very... dignified."

"You spend too much time worrying about dignity, and what you look like, and silly things like that," I say, though I have to admit I was glad when I ditched the preppie clothes he bought me for a tie-dye shirt from one of the vendors at the festival. It has a peace sign on it, which puts me in a good mood, because I've always been in favor of peace, though I can't subscribe to it whole-heartedly until demons stop making me do violence. On the other hand, life without getting to use phone books as weapons would be less fun, so I'll admit a certain ambivalence towards peace as an ultimate goal. "You should relax. There's no one else here to see you besides me, and I'm not going to hold it against you if you want to jump on the bed."

Mannie rolls his eyes, and sits down in the blue chair by the room's desk. Motel rooms are far from stylish, and not very creative, but perhaps they're meant to be soothing in their bland simplicity. "The lighting is all wrong," he says. "They haven't wired the place efficiently. They could reduce the noise on the environmental unit without affecting its performance with a few simple steps that nobody's bothered to do. I'm trying to be quiet and inconspicuous and not do anything about it and it's driving me up the wall. You can't stick me in the middle of this and ask me to relax."

"Man, you really did work for Vapula, didn't you?" I regret it as soon as I realize what I've said, and Mannie's already yanking on the doorknob, but he's gone too blank-eyed to realize it's locked before I tackle him.
?That's more effective when Kelly does it.

His fingers have almost managed to undo the lock, unfocused as he is, so I slide down to the floor and pull his hands away from the door. "Mannie, Mannie, snap out of it." I'm more comfortable dealing with crying children than someone with Discord, but the level of unreasonable distress is similar, right? I walk backwards holding onto his wrists, and his hands snap down around my wrists until I think I'm going to end up with bruises from this, but that's okay, because he's not trying to run. "We keep moving," I say, "and everything's fine. See, here's the pattern. Away from the door, around the end table, past the bed, into the space between the beds, out again, back to the desk, behind the desk, over to the bathroom, out to the TV, back to the door, and that's one circuit and we keep going. You just keep moving."

His grip hasn't relaxed any, but his eyes are recovering from that awful blank stare. "Everything will end wrong," he said. "It's inevitable."

One of the benefits of dealing with children is that they're too self-absorbed to get philosophical. I'm no philosopher myself, and I don't have the way with words that some of my fellow Servitors do. But I'm not about to let him scamper off into a cul-de-sac of negative thinking. "No," I say, "it's all going to end up right, when we get to the last act and everyone is revealed for who they are."

"Why?"

A good question, and not one I was ready to answer, but I'm game for it. "Because it has to. If it's all going to end wrong, there's no point in trying, and if we don't try, that just makes it more likely it'll go wrong. So there's no reason to believe it'll go wrong, and you might as well believe it's going to go right. See?"

"You have such a way with words," Mannie murmurs, and he lets go of my wrists, so I let go of his and eye the bruises that are indeed showing up along my forearms. He's giving me one of those odd looks again, one that I can't interpret at all, but that's an excellent sign, as it means he's back to being the good old Renegade we all know and love. "You forget entropy, though," Mannie says. "It's all sliding downhill."

"You think too much about science." I drop back on the bed to stare at the ceiling, because it's starting to weird me out that I can't figure out why he's looking at me that way. And because I'm not good with words, but I need to talk to him somehow, I go with what I know. "Think of it this way. It's all ballet."

"...ballet." He sits down in the chair at the desk, folds his arms neatly across its back. "Explain."

"It's like this." My hands spin like figures in the opening scene of one of my favorite pieces, little children at play on a frozen lake. "Most art, like books, or paintings, you go and you make it, and you have... a piece. It's there. You can read it, look at it, it's not going anywhere. When you're done you can point to what you've accomplished and say, there, that. But ballet... It's movement." And I can't lie down for this, so now I'm pacing again, the circuit I pulled him through. "In dance, the art is you, and people aren't watching the piece, they're watching you perform it, and they're watching you be the art. And when it's done, it's done, it's all in the moment and motion, as soon as you stop it's over. People can remember it, or you can dance it alone later to bring it back, but you can't hold it or take it somewhere or go show people what you've done, not without... doing it all again, from the beginning."

"Recordings," Mannie says, his fingernails tapping a perfect line of rhythm on the back of the chair. I could dance to that beat, if I had the space. "Film it, and you have it forever."

"No, you have a film of it, which is a sort of art, but it's not the same thing." I spin in the space between the beds, barely enough room, but it's space enough for one foot on the ground and my arms out around me. "The performance is over, and watching a tape of it isn't the same as bringing it back, no more than talking to someone is on the phone is like being there with them." He never calls, it's that old refrain in my mind, but I don't have time for that right now. "And so the Symphony... is ballet."

He makes a small gesture with his hand that says, I do not follow. I wish I could dance him the explanation, but I haven't the space or skill for that, so I'll settle for words. "It's easy to not play your part properly, in the ballet. And playing it perfectly is difficult. You practice, learn, watch what everyone else is doing, compensate for injury, adjust for stage size, find a way to fill in for a dancer who's missing. Just doing nothing, or doing it badly? The easiest thing in the world." A pirouette, just for him. "But if everyone plays their part well, then the story ends the way it was written, and you have... art."

"Or you had art," he says, and I think at this point he's being difficult, but that's childish, and I can deal with children.

"Art doesn't stop just because you step off the stage. There's always another performance." I sweep him a bow, the stagey sort one uses in stories of kings and queens. "It all makes sense. See?"

"So you want to, ah, teach me ballet?"

"Metaphorically, yes. Redemption is stepping away from throwing peanuts at the stage and learning to dance the part that was written for you." I can only hope that what I'm doing now is an Act Two complication of the plot, where the princess runs away from home disguised as a boy with only her exiled husband's loyal servant to accompany her, because it's not the part I was playing when my Boss put me on stage. "I'd be happy to teach you the literal steps, but I don't think that's what you were asking."

"Lilim aren't so big on the group performances," he says, but I think he's feeding me lines now, because he wants to see what I say. Which I'm willing to work with, as it's far better than his restless fretting.

"So you do solo performances. A one-angel ballet. Very avant-garde." And this is enough to get a smile out of him, so I drop down on the bed to grin back. "See? Perfect sense."

The door swings open, and Mannie twitches, whatever he was about to say dropped, but it's just Jack with a bunch of shopping bags. "Where's Kelly?" I ask, noticing no one's followed him into the room. "Is Janus pissed enough to not give her another vessel?"

"No, but she might have wished so," Jack says, and drops the bags on the floor. "Anything interesting happen while I was out?"

"Not really," Mannie says. "We discussed art."

"Eh, fun," Jack says, and begins rooting through the bags. "I bought you more socks like you asked for, Kai, and a jacket in case it rains tomorrow like they're forecasting."

"What, you paid for them?" Mannie asks, and Jack glares.

"Wind, not Theft. I'm not incapable of conducting a simple trade of cash for goods, if it seems appropriate." Jack can't stay offended for long, so he flops down on the bed beside me. "Figured out what you want to hit tomorrow?"

"Cymbeline, of course." I was thrilled when I found out they'd shuffled the schedule around to put A Winter's Tale first, because while that's not a bad play as Shakespeare goes (and none of his plays are what you could call bad at that), it's not my favorite by a long shot. "And then in the afternoon it's Titus Andronicus, unless you'd rather see Two Gentleman of Verona as I'm up for either, and in the evening a stop at the place where a children's drama group has the kids doing short scenes. Six-year-old King Lears are adorable. Of course, they usually have the kids do something light from a comedy, one of the parts that isn't talking about sex." The jacket's an ordinary sort of thing, mass-produced and serviceable, but the socks are all knit in various colorful patterns with enough irregularities to show they were hand-made. "Hey, you stopped at a crafts place. Thanks!"

"Sure thing," Jack says, and then blinks, seeing the bruises on my arms. "Discussing art, huh? So that's what the kids are calling it these days." He laughs. "Essence is good where you can get it."

"What?"

Jack turns to Mannie, then back to me, and then shakes his head. "Never mind." Which means he's being opaque again. I have to wonder what Mannie thought it meant, given the way his face is going through the most remarkable series of suppressed expressions. Must ask him some time when Jack's not around, because it looks like embarrassment was at least one of the emotions.

I dig further into the bags, mostly for curiosity's sake, and find boxes of junk food. "Jack, this stuff is awful. Mass-produced junk, bad for the body, over-packaged, marketed heavily to children. Why do you keep buying it?"

"But I like that stuff," Jack says, and rescues his Twinkies before I can toss it in the trash. "Besides, you never complain about the coffee from convenience stores, and that has to be at least as mass-produced as this."

"It's coffee. That gives it a default rating of Good, edging into Holy if it's done well." Not that I'd expect a Mercurian to understand the joys of caffeine the way I do. I need to figure out how to make coffee at home properly; I can manage the instant stuff with only a minor mess if I'm careful heating up the water to put it in, but I've gone through four coffeemakers trying to brew my own, and Nomikos asked me nicely to never, ever buy a coffee bean grinder ever again.

The door opens again, and this must be Kelly, given the surly expression on her face. I can see what Jack means about their Superior getting annoyed at how quickly she's going through vessels. The new one looks maybe thirteen years old, a girl in fluffy short pigtails and tight clothes. The halter top she's wearing reads "Naughty Angel" in fake rhinestones across the front. "I do not want to talk about it," she says, and sits down on the bed across from Jack and me.

"Demons of Seattle, watch out tonight," Jack says. "Though you'll get some funny looks running around like that late at night."

"I said I didn't want to talk about it," Kelly says. She sighs, and then turns to me. "Kai, I don't suppose you could... you know. Age the body, a little bit?"

"I'm not sure I ought to be doing that when your Boss gave you that vessel for a reason," I say, "but if it's important--"

"Not that important." She rummages through Jack's bags, and pulls out a black jacket, some trendy faux-leather thing two sizes too big for her. "How am I supposed to carry a knife hidden in this outfit? It's ridiculous. I can't scout out demons in bars or clubs, I can't wander on the streets past about ten at night without getting questions..." She takes the kukri Jack hands her, and attempts to arrange it beneath the folds of the jacket. "It's going to be a long night. Anyone want to play poker?"

"Sure," Jack says, and then, "Mannie, Kai, I'll spot you each some starting cash, if you want to play.

"Sure thing!" I get out of the way while Kelly shoves bags around so that we can lay out the cards on the bed. "Poker is the one where four aces are good, right?"

"You've never played?" Kelly looks up from shuffling.

"Well, I've watched a lot of old Westerns, so I think I know how it goes."

Kelly grins. "Good enough."

Two hours later I'm out of all the money Jack gave me, Kelly's easily in the lead, and Mannie's staying near even with Jack, mostly by pointing out every time Jack tries to cheat. None of us have seen Kelly cheating yet, which means either she's exceptionally good at poker, or, more likely, she's exceptionally good at cheating. The game's too sedentary for my taste anyway, so I grab my jacket and head out with a brief mumble about getting some fresh air. Getting cooped up in a motel room isn't my idea of fun, not without a lot more instruments involved, and possibly a tape recorder. I take my piccolo with me, not for any particular reason except that I haven't had a chance to practice in days, and who knows where I might end up wandering?

It's too nice of a night to want to really resonate a particular place to go. I'm happy enough to let the Symphony hum its merry way beyond my watching, without troubling it to ask where the best coffee shop in the area is.

I could be disturbed by all the Starbucks places I pass, but I comfort myself with the knowledge that by coffee they'll be redeemed from their own mass-market soulless existence.

Besides, I like Frappuccinos.

Maybe the Symphony knows me better than I thought, because I find myself wandering through Pike Place, surrounded by the crowds of tourists and locals flooding the area. I may not be Mercurian, but I like people, and it's nice to let myself be swamped in the noise for a while, not distracted by any other concerns. This may not be the bazaar in Heaven, but I think it's as close as Earth gets. I wish I'd thought to grab some money when I headed out, but since I'm cash-free I just content myself with examining the crafts, foods, products. It's a beautiful sight. I could spend a decade or two here, finding out everything that's being made, how it's being made, who makes it... No, I'd be dancing in the street by the second week. This isn't my type of art. But it's beautiful, and I could almost expect to see the Boss wandering through here, or sitting behind the booth with the silk dyed in swirling colors.

But of course, it's not him. It never is.

I turn the corner onto the actual Pike Place road and it's like a camera flash in the mind. I find myself grinning more widely at the familiar feel to this area, and it doesn't surprise me in the least that this would be a Tether. Must be Marc's, because if it belonged to the Boss I would know about it already. Craftsmen and farmers and restaurants, buying and selling and everywhere product for cash or service. I may be more involved in the making of art than acquiring it, but it's a Word I can appreciate.

I take a look around, and this time I do listen to what the Symphony wants to tell me. Step around the cute couple being a little too affectionate in public, wait for the kid in the baseball hat to run by, and then it's a straight line (except for the detour around the tall old woman holding a red balloon) into the coffee shop.

There must be several hundred coffee shops in Seattle, but most of them wouldn't have a reliever lurking behind the counter in Celestial form, fluttering anxiously over the beans in the roasting pan. I catch its eye, and it flaps its wings, gives me a briefly suspicious look, and then darts away into the back. By the time I'm at the counter a white-haired woman in a long green shawl has come out to raise an eyebrow at me, the kid behind the counter scurrying out of her way. "May I help you?"

"How much espresso can you fit into one of those?" I ask, pointing to the big round mugs advertised for their larges. I could nearly put my head into one of those mugs.

"Young..." She pauses minutely, eyes my vessel, and I try to remember what sex I'm currently wearing. "...lady, do you not want to sleep for weeks?"

"I don't sleep much anyway," I say, and she gives me a fraction of a nod.

"Dear child," she says, "it has been too long. Would you care to come to the back so that we can chat, out of the way of paying customers?"

"Not at all," I say, and follow her to the back room.

When the door is closed behind us, she gives me a more critical look. "Only passing through, or I would have received more warning. It didn't sound to be an emergency. Wind?"

"Only passing through," I say, and I take a moment to admire the sheer variety of coffee types stored back here. "Creation. I'm here for the festival."

"Ah," she says, and the word carries a world of meaning I don't care to try to interpret. "You're certainly welcome here." Another look at my vessel. "Are you female?"

"Um." I check my pants. "Nope, sorry. You know, when I asked for something ambiguous, I was originally hoping it would avoid all these silly gender roles and expectations, not confuse people."

"Your Superior gives people interesting lessons in knowing what they're asking for," she says. She hands me a very small cup. "Espresso, as you asked. Though not as much as you might want. Ofanim are bad enough without having them ricocheting off the walls."

"What, you can tell?" I haven't disassembled anything, and I've only paced the room twice. It's a nice room. It's full of coffee beans. I think those two statements are redundant. I can't say it's Heaven, because I've been there and it's not, but it's close. I wonder if anyone has ever written a ballet about coffee? I know Mozart wrote a song about it. "But, yeah, we're on our way through, stopping for the festival, good stuff like that. I thought I'd stop in and say hi. Don't suppose there are any chores you need help with? I have nothing going for the night, and I'd like to keep moving."

"We, you say." She sits down in a chair, her hands folded comfortably across her lap. "Would you do me the honor of introducing yourself and those you're with, as long you're stopping by?"

"Kai, Ofanite of Creation. I'm with Jack and Kelly -- they're Wind, Mercurian and Malakite, respectively -- and Mannie, who's, um, not affiliated with anyone." I'm pretty sure she's not a Seraph. I hope she's not a Seraph. I'd rather not give my explanations to someone I don't know, and who might not understand how tricky these things are.

She raises a singular eyebrow, an expression I've never mastered on any of my vessels, and only says, "I see. Tatnai, Kyriotate of Trade, and Seneschal of this Tether."

Seneschal? I am so glad she's not a Seraph.

She lets me pace and drink for a while, and babble about the places I've been lately, and if she can tell that I'm editing out aspects of where I'm going, and why, and with whom, she doesn't call me on any of it. I like talking about the things I've seen to people who haven't been there, and she listens to me with the expression Kyriotates use so often, that says, "Ah, another perspective." When she's had enough of that, she says, "There is something you could help me with." She beckons over the reliever, who's been flitting around from bin to bin almost as fast as I'm pacing. Now there's a future Ofanite, if it keeps up the good work. "My child, Orlaith, wished to send a gift to a friend, but could not safely travel the distance. Would you take it there? Orlaith would make the deal, if you're willing."

"I'd be glad to." Children are adorable in all forms, even the grubby spoiled brats who wail in the middle of the parking lot at grocery stores, though those ones are adorable more in potential than in actuality. Orlaith has gold-laced butterfly wings, and shy silver eyes. "What can I help you with, kid?"

"I have a friend in Redmond," the kid says, in a voice of flutes and bells, and what a beautiful thing to hear Angelic spoken out loud down here. I'm happy to agree that there are many things written in English that are divine, but no language can hold a candle to the true one. "She used to work for Mama before she got old, and now she can't move so much. Would you take her a present for me?" It considers me gravely, and adds, "I can pay you one Essence for the trip."

I'd as soon do it for free, and for the excuse to see more of the city, but when in a Tether of Trade, trade I will. So I say, "It sounds like a fair deal to me," and the reliever beams, and goes darting away to one of the bins in the back.

"Blue Mountain," it says. I pick up the bag of coffee and I can nearly feel the caffeine soaking through the bag and my skin into my bloodstream. Bad Kai: concentrate! "It's her favorite. Mama has the address, and if you tell her Aunt Tatty sent you, she'll know who it's from." It gives me the Essence solemnly, serious in the way children are about important things such as these. I'll have to come back and play it Flight of the Bumblebee some time, and see if it likes to dance to the tune.

I'm off again, address in my mind and calling out to the Symphony for directions. Bus route, take a transfer, run a block, another bus... Tatnai was kind enough to pass me several dollar bills and change for the fare, and I spend the bus parts doing my best to resist the delightful bag of beans. It's meant for someone else, who will, perhaps, want to share? No, that's selfish of me to think that way, especially when I took payment for the trip.

I wouldn't call Redmond gloomy, even if the late hour gives me a darker atmosphere the further I travel from Seattle, but it's certainly... sullen. Nothing overwhelming, but a faint undercurrent of resigned urgency, a need for things I can't identify. I imagine Lilim would have great fun here. Must ask Mannie if he's ever been around; Microsoft must be Vapulan, right?

I end up at the back door of a bar, and the man who answers the back door is quick enough to let me in once I say who sent me. "It's good that Gramma's friends still visit her," he says, a man nearly as tall as Jack and even bulkier. "She tells me stories sometimes of the things she used to do when she was younger, and all the marvelous adventures she had with Aunt Tatty. Most of them made up, I think," he adds, before he opens the inner door. "But still, marvelous stories."

Gramma sits in a back room that's half storage and half office, on a comfortable chair with her legs stretched out. Wind chimes hang from the ceiling, and rustle when the door opens. She looks up from where she's working with a wire cutter and pair of pliers on a strip of thin metal. "Good evening," she says. "Aren't you up late for a young lady."

"Aunt Tatty asked me to bring you a gift," I say, and I pass over the bag of coffee. It's easier to give it up than I expected. "Her, um, son did, even. And they both send their regards."

"How thoughtful." The door closes behind her grandson, and she fixes a sharp gaze on me. "So tell me, young lady, what're you bringing with the coffee?"

I run a finger through a wind chime overhead. It's remarkably well tuned for the fragments of metal that make it up, a glass and electricity sort of sound. I know a Seraph of Lightning who would appreciate it. "Only that," I say. "I was only passing through, and she asked me to do a job for her, since I had the time and she didn't."

"I am old, then," says the woman, disappointment drawing her words down into something more resigned than sorrow. "Once she would have asked me to do something grand, but these days I receive good wishes. No matter," she continues briskly, and takes my hand. "Would you sit here beside me, or -- ah, I see, you would be happier moving. I've known your sort."

"Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful," I say. I run my hands along the wind chimes hanging from the ceiling, and they each have a tiny song of their own. "Did you make all of these?"

She smiles at me. "Yes," she says, "and when I was younger I sold them in the market, though these days I haven't the energy to sit behind a table all day. Would you like one? It's only a hobby, now."

"You make such marvelous things. My Boss would approve. I know I do." She smiles at me, and I back at her. "I've heard you tell stories--"

"You don't want to listen to an old woman tell stories," she says, "not your sort, I know that much. You want to be running off somewhere else, and you'd listen to be polite, but I have plenty of grandchildren who'll listen to what I say. And great-grandchildren, in another few years, will be old enough to listen. Go on, take one you like, and be on your way." She pats the bag of coffee with hands covered in spider webs of veins, long yellowing nails. "You've already done me a service for the night. Never could stand tea, blasted weak stuff that it is."

"My pleasure." I choose a set of chimes with a spinning twist of metal in the center, like a pirouette or a dancing Seraph. "You should come to the festival tomorrow, if you can manage it. They're doing Cymbeline."

"Who was she?"

"He's a king," I say, and drop a bow from the door. "Good night, good night. Parting is such sweet sorrow."

"That I shall say good night, 'til it be morrow." She gives me a regal tilt of her chin, and I spin my way out in the night back to the bus stop, wind chimes jangling all the way.

On the last bus back, someone gasps in the middle of the small murmur of people talking to their friends. Up ahead of us, across the skyline, fireworks. No rhyme or reason to them, nothing stately like an exhibit set to music, just bam-smash-boom of one after another, several at once. Someone on top of a building is lighting as many as he can at a time.

It's nice to know that my friends are keeping themselves entertained while I'm away.

I'm not back in the motel until an hour before dawn, what with one thing and another to spin me off in various directions on the way back. I find Kelly and Jack playing some card game I don't recognize while Mannie sits and the desk and scribbles away at the motel's notepad.

"You missed out," Jack says, and slaps his hand down on the pile of cards between them. "Got you!"

"Except that's a seven, not an eight." Kelly pulls two cards from his hand, and examines them. "And he's right, you did miss out."

"I saw the fireworks on the way back from Redmond," I say, and hang the wind chimes from the lamp by the desk where they swing lazily in the breeze from the AC unit. "Nice job at finding fireworks this late at night."

"We know someone who knows someone," Jack says, with a gesture that indicates he has resources I couldn't dream of. I have no doubt it's true; Windies have a remarkable amount of organization for people who can't stay in any place longer than three days. "But that wasn't what I was talking about."

"So explain?" I begin to pace in my good old pattern, and it's a comfortable pattern, a nice pacing round that takes me by every person in the room twice a circuit. I can see Kelly and Jack's hands, and Jack has five sevens in his. I don't think they're playing with two decks of cards.

"So we're wandering around," Jack begins.

"Not so much wandering as going somewhere specific. We checked the phone book, and asked around a bit after places that sounded, um," Kelly continues.

"--nefarious. Except not in so many words. And I did most of the asking, because no one wants to tell a thirteen-year-old girl where to get drugs. But anyway, we're wandering through the bad part of town."

"More like lurking. There was this handy alleyway, the sort where you know Fleurity's type are hanging out. So I go wandering in there--"

"See? Wandering."

"So I go stomping in there looking as confident as I can, which should be setting off warning alarms for people, but instead makes them think I'm stupid, which works just as well."

"Not that any of us would ever think that."

"Shut up, Jack. My story. So I find someone who's willing to sell hard drugs to a thirteen-year-old, I beat him up myself because some people can't help--"

"Oh, come on. He was human--"

"Shut up, Jack. And in any case being pummeled by someone half their weight is enough to put the fear of God into most people, which is appropriate, and then when he's down for the count I take his wallet."

"Lather, rinse, repeat."

"On number three we hit an actual demon. Now that was fun."

"That was fun? You'd been having fun since number one. That was the first time I got to hit anyone."

"And you didn't have fun?"

"...well, yes. I did."

"So there we go. That was fun. He had a good chunk of cash on him, so we decided to call it a night, and went to find some friends with some serious explosives--"

"Except they had already used all the explosives, and all they had left was the fireworks."

"Which was just as good, so we broke into a building, got to the roof, set everything off, and went home."

"Except for that stop on the way."

"Shut up, Jack. My story."

"Not that part. So Kelly's playing her sweet and innocent drug addict act, and it turns out she's hitting on an undercover cop, and nearly gets arrested for solicitation--"

"Which wasn't my intention. I was trying to buy drugs, not offer sex."

"Silly humans. Tricks are for kids." Jack coughs. "Um. Except not. So the cop's trying to haul Kelly off in the police car, and he's a good guy, we don't really want to hurt him, so I yell, 'Look! Flying monkeys!' and point up at the sky--"

"--and he's going to be smug for ages that it worked, you know. But in any case, we make a run for it, and half an hour later we're safely back home, no worse for the wear."

"Except for the bloodstains."

"None of them ours."

"True. Oh, and several thousand dollars. Did you want buy anything, as long as we're here?"

"Um," I say, and pause for a moment between the two beds, bouncing on my toes. "It's a great story, and I'm almost sorry to have missed it, but where was Mannie in all of this?"

"Back here. Said he'd be fine." Kelly collects all the cards and begins to shuffle them back together again. It's just one deck. I wonder how much having all five sevens in your hand is worth in poker? It ought to beat four aces. "And, hey, who're we to drag him through back alleys if he'd rather not be there?" She's not looking at Mannie.

He slides the notepad away into his jacket. "I believe I'm capable of taking care of myself for a few hours in an empty, locked motel room."

I didn't think he wanted to be left alone for that long. I didn't think it was a good idea to leave a twitchy Renegade alone for that long. And I definitely didn't think Jack and Kelly would do so without a better reason than boredom. But I'm not the planning sort, and it's possible they're all seeing something I'm not, so I'm not about to call them on it.

Flight of the Bumblebee would be a great way to lighten things up, but I don't think the people in motel rooms near us would appreciate it.

I drag them all out of the room at dawn, down to the bus stop. "If we get there before it opens for seating, we'll be sure to get good seats. And I'd like another shirt."

Kelly shudders as the bus approaches. "Actually, Jack and I were thinking of heading to the marketplace, climbing up somewhere high, and dumping all the money into the crowd as soon as a good wind picks up. Why don't we catch you tonight, back at the room?"

"...you don't want to watch the plays?"

Jack ruffles my hair. "No offense, Kai, but literature isn't our thing. Look, it's big crowds, real public place, and I'm sure Tatnai will have a one host keeping an eye on things. Local Kyrio who takes care of a Trade Tether, great person, very responsible. You two will be fine, and if you run into who you're looking for, it's not like the two of us have anything to say to him."

"But this is Shakespeare, Jack." The bus opens its doors. "You're sure?"

"We'll catch you tonight," he says, and waves cheerfully goodbye.

Mannie takes the window seat, and spends the ride staring outside.

Three hours later, Mannie is staring at the blanket I bought like it's going to bite him. I don't know what he has against tie-dye. "It's raining," he says.

"Just a light drizzle. It's not bothering anyone else around here." I've lost count of how many origami cranes I've folded from the advertisements and flyers people keep handing us. They're slightly damp, but holding up remarkably well, a little flock along one edge of the blanket. "I can get you an umbrella if you want, but we'd have to put it away once the performance starts. Don't want to block the view of the stage for anyone else."

"No, wouldn't want to be rude, would we." He's definitely sulking. "Just because the locals are so used to having a steady drizzle down the back of their necks that they don't mind it anymore, doesn't mean we'd be justified in keeping ourselves dry, no."

"You're being childish. Trust me, I'd know." I roll over onto my back and put together a frog out of an ad for palm readings. "Here. Want a frog? Or I can make a parrot, if you prefer parrots, but it might take me a few tries. Those are a lot trickier."

"I don't know why you keep making things. They don't do anything."

"Sure they do. See, if you put the frog down on a hard surface, and press down the back, it jumps." I try to demonstrate, but the paper is a bit too damp. "In theory."

Mannie hunches over the notepad from the motel, and begins scribbling again. "There's no point in making something unless it does something. Everyone has the occasional failed experiment, but most of us know better than to keep repeating them."

"You'd do well in Lightning, I guess. They build things. I just, well. Dance." I'm tired of lying around here, but I'm not about to leave him alone again. Shouldn't have left last night, and I wouldn't have if I'd know Jack and Kelly were going to ditch him. He needs some company. Possibly protection. Someone to be a good influence. "Want any cotton candy? There's a vendor over there..."

"No. Thank you." He stuffs away the notebook again. "Are you sure your, ah, employer wouldn't prefer a sunnier climate?"

"Hey, who am I to figure out what the Boss would like today? And gray skies can be lovely, if you look at them right. If you like a sunny atmosphere, you should see Novalis's garden. The parties are great. A few months back I had a chance to stop there for a while, and did you know they can make wine out of flowers? Never would have guessed that. Of course, when I got back I went and checked out this one book about dandelion wine, except it actually ended up being a bunch of short stories. Good writing, though."

"Do you ever stop talking, Kai?"

"Well. Yes." I fold three more cranes, and arrange them around the frog. Poor little frog, all left out and lonely with no one else to talk to. "You know, Mannie, you'd be a lot happier if you stopped stressing about what you don't know. We're all doing the best we can given the circumstances, right?"

"Stop. Trying to fix me." That's more of a snarl than I've gotten from him before. A shudder runs over him, and he composes his expression into something blank and polite again.

But you're broken. I don't say it, even I know better than that. "Sorry," I say instead, "didn't mean to bother you," and I'm back to folding paper cranes.

The frog's surrounded by almost an army when a little kid, maybe five years old, stops by the blanket and peers down at them. "What's that?" He carries a plastic sword stuck through his belt, nearly dragging the ground.

"Cranes, kid. Want one?" There doesn't seem to be anyone around with a hand on this kid, or even watching him. He crouches down, chooses a blue crane from the bunch. "Where are your parents?"

"Dunno." He yanks at the crane until it falls apart, pouts. "It broke!"

"More precisely, you broke it." I hand him another one, this time a glossy ad folded into one of the larger cranes. "Here, see if you can leave it be, and it won't break, okay? Are you sure you don't know where your parents are?"

"Dunno." He disassembles the crane's head, little fingers picking it apart deftly. "They were talking, so I went to look at stuff."

"Right." I stand up, and grab the kid's free hand before he can go after another defenseless paper bird. "Hey, I'll be right back, okay? I'm gonna take this kid over to security so they can find his parents."

Mannie shrugs without looking up.

"Right, then. Come on, kid. What's your name?"

"My friends call my Ozzie. What's yours?" He has clammy fingers, but trots along beside me happily enough.

"The name's Kai. You should stick close to your parents. They might be worried if you wander off on your own." Ten minutes until the show starts, and the crowd is getting thick, especially around the vendors where everyone wants their last minute pretzel or blanket or commemorative T-shirt. "Now -- I thought the security checkpoint was right here." It looks like they've moved, and I can't figure out where to through the crowd. "Half a minute and I'll find them again--"

"Hey!" Ozzie says, and lets go of my hand. "I saw someone!"

"There are a lot of someones here right now -- oh, do you mean one of your parents?" He's already plowing through the crowd with the determination of someone who's not going to let being short stand in his way. I can't let him wander into a crowd full of strangers now that I've walked further from where his parents might have been, so I follow, wishing once again that I could move through crowds the way Jack does. I want to get from point A to point B, and there are all these people in the way.

I break through the crowd to see the kid disappearing behind the stage. "Aw, come on, kid." So it's off to follow Ozzie wherever he may go. His toy sword has fallen out from his belt, so I pick it up and keep going, past piles of sound equipment and props to an empty space half-surrounded by trees, where red plastic cups litter the ground.

"Kid? Where are you?" Turning around, I don't see any sign of a child. I should have started running as soon as I hit open space. "Come on out, your parents are going to be worried by now.

"Don't worry," says a breezy voice, so smug that I hate it already, and stepping out from where he'd been waiting, a man with dragon tattoos all along his forearms. He grins. I can see his gold-capped teeth. "Junior's run back to his parents by now. He'll be fine. You, on the other hand, might not be."

Quick assessment of the tactical situation: one plastic sword in hand, one of me. Not too bad yet. And this is reassuring until there's a person in dark clothing, standing beside him, and she gives me this look as if I'm standing between her and a good nap. Okay, tactical situation rapidly degrading. Why did Jack and Kelly have to be so, so Windy? I wish I had Mannie here for backup. Even if he does run at the first sign of trouble, he'd give these two some pause. "Excuse me, but do I know you?"

"Don't think so," says the man. "You wouldn't. Stupid, ignorant sort that you are. You wouldn't recognize the truth if it spat on you."

"I'm sensing some hostility here." I could really use Kelly here right now, or Jack, or one of Tatnai's birds to come flying overhead, but I see nothing but these two, and hear nothing but the distant roar of the crowd. The performance is running late; they always are. Edging ever so slightly towards a place where I can run, though I don't know if there's anyone else around.

"Hurry up," says the woman, "so we can get this over with." Her frown is full of distant ennui.

"Stupid. Worthless. Pathetic. Useless." The man's smile is deadlier than a scorpion, and I can feel it pour at me. Hopeless, helpless, the wrong place at the wrong time, doing the wrong thing and there's nothing I can do to make it right, I've been abandoned by everyone and nobody cares--

No. The Boss cares, and I'm doing his work, one way or another. I toss off the emotions and smile back at him. "Nice try, Habbie, but I'm not so weak as that." And a plastic sword is as good as any other weapon when I'm wielding it. Using the resources I've been given... creatively.

He staggers back from the blow with an expression of sheer shock across his face, then anger, and it's a beautiful sight to me. I hold the plastic sword in front of me. "You sure you don't want to run before my friends get here?" Here's to hoping on a bluff.

I suck at poker. "They're far away," he says, "and one wimp angel isn't going to stop me." The Djinn hasn't moved in yet, watching us like she hasn't yet decided if it's worth her time to interfere, or if she'd rather just -- Eli's feathers, the Game's finally caught up with us. And there's another wave of emotion trying to drown me. Terrified. Lost. Surrounded by enemies.

It's easier to send it back the second time, now that I know what's coming. "What, you think I'm afraid of a little Trauma?" The Habbalite shudders, winces. And, oh crud, he ate the dissonance instead of running screaming or curling up into a ball. So I smack him across the head with my sword again before he can get over it.

Right when the Djinn finally decides it's worth her time to pounce. Sidestep that, slam the Habbalite across the face again, he's not very good at dodging, is he? One on either side, and at least they're here bothering me and not Mannie--

--who's all alone, not paying much attention to his surroundings, and if that kid wasn't a demon it was a Shedite riding one--

Duck dodge dance, they can't get a hit in, they're no friends of mine that I should hesitate when they attack. But I can only hit one person at a time, and there's always someone behind me right when I'm trying to attack, and I'm being, frankly, not very effective. The woman catches me with one punch and I'm staggering backwards from it, and she calls out something in Helltongue.

I don't have time for this. And Mannie needs me, needs to get out of here before something bigger jumps him. So it's time to dodge these two people and leave them to their own party, run for--

--my chest feels like something exploded in front of me. My feet catch on the ground, I'm not supposed to be falling, it's not what I do, it isn't. Rolling back to my feet the Habbie's almost on me, so I slam my cheap plastic sword through his gut, and behind him, I should have wondered, I should have guessed, one more person.

I hate Calabim. I do, I do. The world explodes again around me.

Dedan approached two Elohim of the Wind, three relievers, and a shy young Kyriotate before he found another Cherub with whom he might speak. A fox with great white wings, she spiraled in the air and barked at him a few times before she consented to be questioned by Judgment.

Adala stayed out of direct line of sight of the Wind Cherub, where she could hear but not be seen. This tactic had a touch of deceit that she did not like, but Windies scattered in all directions if a full triad stalked towards them, or commented politely on the weather when asked direct questions by a Seraph.

"I know Kai," the Cherub said, wrapping her tail neatly over her feet. "I spent a night at his apartment once, when I was traveling with another Windy who roomed there from time to time. A nice enough fellow, dreadful cooking. I convinced my friend to leave when the Ofanite began to practice the bagpipes. Nearly as dreadful as his cooking. He seemed a calm enough sort, as Creationers go." She scratched lazily at the grass with one paw. "Why are you asking?"

"We're concerned for his welfare," Dedan said. "We've heard he's traveling with fellow Servitors of yours, and wish to make sure he hasn't encountered any harm."

"Safe as houses when he's with Windys," said the fox-Cherub, and she laughed, showing pointy white teeth. "Worried that we're a corrupting influence?"

"He was left in his position by his Archangel," Dedan pointed out, choosing wisely not to go into detail about how reliable that Archangel's orders might be considered. "It seems unwise for him to leave it so abruptly. Do you know where he is?"

She licked her nose. "Ah, well. News does get around, sometimes, and we try to keep track of each other, but who can track the wind?"

"That's a lovely rhetorical question. Would you answer my question?"

"Maybe." She beat her wings and rose to eye level with him, her sharp nose nearly touching Dedan's golden mane. "Why are you hunting poor little Kai, and what do you want out of his friends?"

"We only want to make sure that he's safe, and where he ought to be." Dedan had much experience with reassuring nervous sorts who couldn't understand that the triad only wanted what was best and just. "He sent us a message. He knows that we have his best interests in mind. Where is he?"

"Somewhere safe, with two good friends." She laughed. "Besides, if I told you where he was this very moment, he'd be gone from it by the time you reached that place. We keep moving." She suited action to words, turning tail to his face in a shameless display of impropriety and lack of respect for authority, and flew off into the trees.

Dedan padded over to Adala. "Most Holy?"

"Seattle, Guardian." Adala frowned as they moved back towards where they had left Nomikos tracking down the passing of that message, though neither expected him to have much success. "What's in Seattle, that he would go there?"

Dedan searched his memory for references to the place; it was not a city they had visited in any of their rounds. "Coffee?"

Adala blinked two of her eyes, then another two. "Would Kai leave his duty for coffee?"

"Well," Dedan said, "he is an Ofanite."

"Truth."

The Seneschal of the local Creation Tether hadn't seen Kai at all, but recommended, if reluctantly, that they check with some of the local Windies. The local Windies refused to be found, and thus the triad found themselves sitting in the local Trade Tether, drinking coffee morosely.

"He could have already moved on," Dedan pointed out, adding another packet of sugar to his mug. "We don't know why he's here, or how long he intended to stay."

"Truth." Adala leapt up as a nearby patron turned to them, indicated politely that the Seneschal was ready to meet with them, and then went back to reading his paper. "But we ought not give up."

The three of them tromped together into the back room of the coffee shop, where a young woman in an apron waited for them. "I welcome you," the Kyriotate said politely, giving them the respect due a triad but no more, as Seneschal of this place. "What brings you here?"

"We're looking for an Ofanite who we heard might be in this place," Nomikos said, seating himself on an empty chair. "Its name is Kai, and it is a Servitor of Eli. We would like to speak with it about certain recent actions."

"Kai? She -- it was here last night, and ran an errand for us. Seemed pleasant and helpful enough." The Seneschal spoke carefully, as if she feared drawing accusations of guilt on someone by wording a description badly. "I believe I saw it at the Shakespeare festival today."

Dedan turned to Adala. "Do you think he would come here for that?" She spread her arms in a noncommittal answer.

"He's not where I saw him last," Tatnai said, with a small frown. "I don't see him anywhere in the crowd. I'll take a closer look."

They waited as the Seneschal took care of several small chores in the back room with one body, and searched the festival with another.

"Ah!" Tatnai frowned, and paused in the middle of pouring a bag of beans. "The child has run into trouble. He's still breathing, but unconscious. This will get awkward if other authorities move in... I'll alert his friends, they're nearer than you are, and the body I'm wearing there can't do much. I only had two Forces watching."

"He's hurt?" Dedan leapt up. "Quickly, where is he?"

"I didn't see the fight," Tatnai said, shaking her head. "I should have been watching more carefully, I knew that something was up... I'll go with you." She opened up a drawer in her desk, and a fluffy hamster ran into her hand. "Here," she said, depositing it in Nomikos's waiting hands. "I've sent someone to help, but they may need more assistance. I don't know what the child encountered, but it was more than it could handle."

Nomikos bowed quickly, and the triad left, Tatnai-hamster directing their steps.

At the park they found only bloodstains in a secluded area, and signs of a fight. Dedan crouched down and picked up a plastic sword coated in blood. "He was here, but he's gone now. Tatnai, did you see who took him?" He let the toy fall back to the ground, stood up to scan the surrounding area for any blood trail.

The hamster squeaked twice.

"I almost wish his vessel had been killed," Nomikos said, "for he wouldn't stay in Trauma long, knowing how he bounces back, and we could keep him safe. I don't know where he may have gone."

"This has gone on long enough without clarification," Adala said. "We will speak with the Most Just when he comes for our reports tomorrow, and ask him how we ought to proceed. In the meantime, Dedan, Nomikos, search the area for any signs of him where a flying creature might not see, or any trace of what may have hurt him. If demons wish to interfere with our matters, we will deal with them appropriately."

The Cherub and Malakite nodded, and spread out, while Adala was left to watch the area. The Seraph folded her arms together, and stared at the bloody bit of plastic on the ground. "What have you gotten yourself into, Kai?"

Thrum of a motor, reasonable speed. I open my eyes to stare at the back of two seats in front of me. "Hey."

"At last, he wakes." Kelly's driving, and Jack turns around in his seat to smile at me. Anxious smile, that. I must look a sight. "We were starting to worry. You were barely alive by the time we got to you."

"Oh?" My legs don't want to move, and my whole chest hurts horribly. I wiggle my fingers experimentally. Movement. Good. "Calabite. Damn damned Calabite."

"Thought as much. But don't worry, you seem to be recovering."

"Ofanite of Eli. Duh. Heal fast." My throat hurts. "Where's Mannie?"

Jack loses his smile. "We don't know. Somewhere around when the Game hit you, he disappeared. No idea if they got him or not, but I'm thinking not, by the way they came snapping at our heels. It seemed like a good time to move."

"Gotta find him." I can sit up if I'm careful, though it makes my head go all spinny. I wish my mind could decide if I'm vessel-bound or celestial, instead of trying to spin when I'm in human form and then making me sick. "Rescue him."

"I think Mannie can take care of himself," Kelly says. "Especially after the number we did on those Gamesters. And after Tatnai had a few words with them. I think your triad was there too, but we didn't stick around to check."

"Adala and Dedan and Nomikos? I need to let them know I'm okay, and ask them to help--"

"Shut up and lie down," Jack says, "before you hurt yourself. You're in no condition to do anything but heal. We'll work it out once you're feeling better, okay?"

I flop back down on the seat, and pick at a frayed part of the cushion cover. "We can't just leave him, with the Game after him, and he might freak out at the triad and if he doesn't they won't get that he's trying to redeem and he might end up in Limbo which is utterly awful and--"

"Shut up, Kai." He says it nicely enough, and passes me a flimsy little book that says 101 Travel Activities! In smaller print, With special Magic Pen to see the answers!

I spend the next hour doing the games, and then folding origami cranes out of the pages, with the last page turning into a single lonely frog.

Kelly stops at an old house behind trees and walls. The door's locked, if not for long, and I follow them inside to rooms of battered furniture. "We can hang out here for a day or two," Jack says, "until you have a chance to recover. Someone else might stop by who has the Song of Healing, which would do us good. Plenty of time to figure out what to do next."

"We need to find Mannie. He could get dragged back to Hell by the Game if they find him before we do." I sit down in a chair, hoping it won't collapse under me. There's graffiti scrawled into every wooden surface, riddles and tag lines and dates. One large drawing seems to be mocking Judgment, if the picture of notebooks being stolen from disapproving Seraphim is any indication.

Kelly drops to the rug, scowling. She's still wearing her Naughty Angel shirt, and I have to wonder at not getting pulled over with someone so young-looking driving. "Assuming Mannie even wants to be found by us. He's not the most honorable sort ever..."

"He's lived in Hell for how long? Of course it's going to rub off on him. But he'll get better. Just needs time to learn." I wonder if I could carve a new design into the back of this chair. "Right, Jack?"

And I'd expected Jack, defender of the innocent and always willing to give someone with a sob story a fair shake, to join in. But he shakes his head. "I don't know, Kai. None of us is a Seraph. He could have told us he wanted to redeem just so that we wouldn't kill him when we met him. There are plenty of reasons to go Renegade that have nothing to do with a sudden change in moral fiber."

"You're being too hard on him. He just needs time." My Boss would never give up, not because of one or two setbacks. "What, are you two getting bored with the whole thing?"

"I wouldn't sully my honor for boredom," Kelly snaps.

"I didn't mean--"

"No, you didn't." All the anger she's been building up is gone now. "But... look, Kai. We've been hauling him around for weeks now, and he refuses to go to any Tethers, and this obsession with finding the one Archangel that no one has been able to find? You've got to wonder. We couldn't find him when we picked you up, and we even stopped back at the motel in case he'd gone back there."

"He's trying to hide from the Game. Of course he won't go back to the motel." It's frustrating, and I wish people would stop thinking the worst of other people. This is how we end up with infighting and hostility even in Heaven. We're all on the same side. You'd think people could realize that.

"If he's that worried about the Game, he'd be safer at a Tether than in hiding," Jack says. I don't know why they're trying to argue as if Mannie's been lying to us.

"Come on, he's a Renegade, and nearly as freaked about Judgment as he is about the Game. He's not going to run to an angelic Tether, no one with him, and expect a warm welcome." I leap to my feet. My feet regret it. "How is he going to find us if we're hiding?"

"How are we supposed to find him if he's hiding? Face it, Kai, he has to track down some other angels to hang around with if he really wants to. Or visit a Tether like he should have in the first place."

I don't know why they're so angry. I don't know why it makes me so angry that they are. I find the bathroom, take a shower, hunt through a dresser in a dusty bedroom until I find a shirt that more or less fits me, to replace the blood-spattered one I was wearing.

When I get back to the living room Kelly and Jack have pulled out another deck of cards, and they're playing another pointless game involving money they stole from someone. "Want me to deal you in?" Jack asks.

"No thanks." I need to get out, go somewhere, do something. Anything but sitting here trying not to yell at people who are my friends, and think they're doing the right thing. They just don't get it. "Is the car unlocked?" I want my piccolo, I want my bagpipes, I want to be back home where I'm supposed to be teaching the advanced class their parts for the recital. I even want my computer back, and I don't like my computer.

I want to find Mannie and make sure he's okay, and do something creatively deadly to that Calabite.

"Nope. You going somewhere? Might not want to drive very far. Tags could come up as stolen."

"I'll walk," I say. "I need coffee." Which is such a partial truth that Adala would be glaring at me right now, but none of us here is Seraph.

Pulling out the tune of coffee shops from the Symphony raises my mood a little. The house we're hiding in is in a dingy part of town, so I walk for a few miles before I find the place I'm looking for. I'd run, but my chest still hurts, even if the blood's clotted. All that's left in my pockets is change from the cash Tatnai gave me, but it's enough to get me basic coffee with unlimited refills.

The place is nearly deserted, a bored barista behind the counter playing with her cell phone when she thinks no one is watching. I sink down in a soft chair at the back with my cup of coffee, try to figure out what I'm doing in the middle of I-don't-know-where. I don't like losing my bearings like this; it feels wrong to not know quite where I am, though I'm sure I could get home if I needed to.

The Symphony tells me how, and I shudder. It's a temptation to walk out now, hitch a ride, find a Tether and beg some cash for the trip back home. It would be easy, it would be movement, I want to do it, I want to forget this whole mess and go back to where I belong.

No. Damn ambiguity back down to Hell where it belongs, I can almost wish I were a Seraph to tell the Truth of the matter. I drink my coffee. I will wait right here until I figure it out.

Five refills on the coffee. The barista leaves to be replaced by another, this one a college-age man who hasn't shaved recently. The sun sets, the place fills with college students and their laptops. I still haven't figured out what's going on, or what I should do about it.

Life used to be so simple. Dance, cook, encourage, smack down the occasional demon who tried poking around in my area, do the odd chore or investigation for friends. I guess it's in the nature of the Wind to shake people out of their ruts, but I liked my rut. Ruts come from wheels passing over them a thousand times, right? And that's what I was doing, orbiting my job, doing what I'd been told to do. It was working. Now I'm doing I don't know what, and the people who asked me to help aren't sure I was supposed to do it in the first place.

"Hey," Mannie says. "Want to drive?"

If I were my usual self, I could spin around him in a bright circle of flame. I settle for a hug. "How did you--"

"Later," he says, and drags me outside, barely giving me a chance to leave my mug on the counter. "I'm parked down the street," he says. "Are you okay? You're limping..."

"Just a run-in with a Calabite," I say. "I'll get better. But I'm going through shirts like crazy. Mannie, where have you been? I was starting to worry..."

"Relax," he says. "Isn't that what you keep telling me?" And oh, his car, it's a lovely shiny convertible, sporty and sleek and midnight blue and, um, parked along a red-painted piece of the curb in front of a fire hydrant, but no buildings are burning at the moment, so I think that's okay. I'm in the driver's seat before he can give me the keys.

"I'm glad you were listening," I say, but I'm not sure I could listen to anything right now. I've been sitting in that coffee shop too long, and the caffeine racing through my system wants to go, go, go. I oblige it. I passed an interstate overpass on the way here, and I'm doing 80 by the time I reach the on-ramp.

I settle down in a comfortable 85, passing from whichever direction feels comfortable. I could drive forever. It's just as well that the gas tank will remind me to stop. "So how'd you find us?" I have to raise my voice to be heard over the wind. Mannie looks as composed as I've ever seen him, sunglasses on and clothes arranged neatly. The very model of a hotshot computer whiz out for a drive in an expensive car.

"Song of Affinity," Mannie replies.

"In that case, what took you so long?" I can prove it to Kelly and Jack, now. He came back, went out of his way and came out of hiding to find us again. How could he not be serious about this? If he was making things up, he would've ditched while they were out that one night and he was alone in the motel room.

"Had to pick up a car. I can't get them as easily as the Windies manage," Mannie says. "So I called in a few favors." He actually grins at me, it's not at all like the way Jack does, but it's good to see. "It goes something like this: 'I notice you have twelve cars in your possession at the moment. Would you mind parting with one? And maybe all of the Essence you have on you.' Works remarkably well when someone owes you."

"It's a nice car," I say. Nothing handles like my motorcycle back home, but for a car this has the most lovely response to my every want. Someone in Lighting must be behind the making of these things. I can't even hold the Geas-yanking against Mannie, not when he probably got it from someone in Theft who should under no circumstances be allowed to own such a beautiful car.
?I hit 105, distracted by the conversation, and the engine's still purring as happily as it was at 30. I think I'm in love. "Where do you want to go tonight?"

"I don't know." Mannie tilts his seat back, watches the sky go by overhead. "Tell me, Kai. Have you ever known someone who successfully redeemed? I mean... knew them before and after, not just hearing from an angel that they'd been something else before."

"Oh, sure. A few, even." I search through my stories for one that'll be appropriately reassuring. The one about the Habbalite who tried to blow up a Flowers Tether, got jumped by all of us who were having a barbecue there, and ended up tied up in a gardening shed for a few months until he calmed down probably isn't the best example. "There was this one Shedite, actually, who was hanging out around where I live, and it's a Kyriotate now. Of Children, which isn't where I would have expected it to end up, but you can't always predict what someone will want to do as an angel based on what they had to do as a demon."

"A Shedite? That seems... unusual."

"He fell in love." I take a turnoff to another highway, going I don't know where, though I'd be able to figure it out if I pulled up the map in my head to check on the highway's number. "I'm not sure how, or why, or why then and never before, but he did."

"With an angel?"

"Nah, with a woman it was riding. Single mom, two kids, teacher at the local high school. She was a lovely woman, I can't be surprised that it loved her like that." Wind in my hair, running across my arms, until the ache in my chest is something insignificant. It's too bad Jack and Kelly aren't with us; they'd love this.

"So it... fell in love with her. And then what?"

"Well, it still had to corrupt people, but it didn't want to do anything to her. So it started jumping around to people around her, and convincing them to do things for her that they weren't supposed to. Extra favors, giving her things for free, stuff like that." I'd first noticed something was weird myself when the chair of the board at the time, a stolid old man who would sooner cut off his own leg than bend policy, had arranged a special discount to let the woman's son take ballet lessons. "I guess it justified that as corrupting everyone else around her, though it wasn't being that corrupt, as such."

"Can't stand Shedim. It's hard to imagine one of those... Well. Loving anything at all."

"Strange things happen. Maybe it had been changing all along, and it found her at the right moment when it was ready for the change." We're far enough away from the city to see the stars above, a million pinpricks of light. I'd like to visit another star, some day, if I could ever reach one. I'd have to pack something for the trip to keep from being bored. "Anyway, it decided to convince the instructor of this class I was assisting with to let her son jump ahead in levels, even though the kid hadn't taken a preliminary course. And it decided the most subtle way to do this would be to have the assistant decide this was a good idea, so it tried to jump into me, and, well, bounced."

"That must've been a surprise. And from there... ?"

"Oh, you know how it goes. Came up with reasons to interact with the woman, and had some other local friends do so too. Even a few hours' observation was enough to show that it was acting pretty weird for a Corruptor. Took a few weeks, by which point it was starting to get dissonance from not corrupting anything at all, because it wanted to, well. Stay with her." I've always hated Shedim, more so than most demons for the way they break the insides of people, but there was something weirdly endearing at the time about one that just... didn't want to leave someone's mind, because it liked that mind so much. I'm not sure if its obsession could count as love, not at that point, but it was close enough to give us something to work with.

"And it redeemed."

"Yup. It was terrified, and it didn't want to lose the ability to stay inside the woman's mind with her, but we convinced it that this would be better for her in the long run, and for it as well. And now it's Kyrio-ing all over the place, working for Christopher." I take an off-ramp and spin around over the overpass and back onto the highway again, back the way we came, only somewhat running one of the red lights, which turns red right as I pass under it and thus doesn't count. "I think it's working at an elementary school in the same state, though I haven't seen it in years. Last I heard it had met up with the woman in question after she died, back in Heaven. I hope that's working out for them. I know some Superiors can be unreasonable about relationships between angels and blessed souls, which seems unfair to me."

"It would," Mannie says, "considering who you work for." He's lost his grin. I'd like to find a way to bring it back, but I suspect this would involve getting rid of the Game, which is kinda beyond the scope of my abilities. "I don't suppose you know any, ah, redeemed Lilim."

"Not myself, no. There... aren't that many." Honest to Litheroy truth, that, but he deserves that much out of me. "I don't think that many try, to start with, and, um."

"Yes, and the Game goes out of its way to prevent it from happening, and it's said that it's not possible at all, and Lilim are selfish to start with. It's not like this is a surprise to me, Kai."

"No, but it doesn't seem fair. Oh, and don't you go on about entropy again," I add, before he can open his mouth, "because that just gets all depressing, and I have had enough of depression for the day."

"That would explain why I found you sitting. In a chair. Came as something of a shock, that." He chuckles briefly, more to himself than at me. "And I know from shocks."

"Yeah. Electricity's your thing, right?" He'd do well with Lightning. They're the sort of people who can get a car running after it's had a fence pole stuck through it, or would critique the wiring in a motel room.

"Mm. Yes." He tilts his head further up towards the stars. "When I was younger and more arrogant, I was gunning for the Word of Electricity."

"I, um, get the impression that anyone with that Word doesn't last long, especially around Lighting Servitors."

"Well, no. More arrogant, as I said. That was before I'd ever lost Forces, and I'd been growing in power for a while. Thought I could take on anything... But then the Russian Revolution came, and I learned better." This smile has a touch of bitterness to it. "Loss is a speedy teacher. I'm not so foolish as to try for anything that visible these days."

"If you were up for a Word that powerful once, how did you end up hitchhiking on the highway?" When I used to drive around back in the sixties, there were hitchhikers everywhere, hippies and runaways and college students on break, everything from whim to desperation. I've had plenty of interesting conversations with hitchhikers in my time. Don't see them so often anymore, not even on this cross-country trip and in good weather. I wonder what happened. Was it just a national fad? "Epiphany, change of heart..."

"Betrayal," Mannie says. "A subordinate of mine double-crossed me, managed to pin the blame for a major project failure on me while taking the credit for my own project just before I was about to present it to -- ah, about to present it. Over the course of a few hours I found myself losing control of the entire situation. It was... not a pleasant realization. At least I realized what was happening before worse arrived." He takes off his sunglasses. The better to see the stars, or maybe he's tired of wearing them. I'd rather be able to see where I'm going than not. It must be a Lilim thing. "I broke my Heart and ran, and found myself trying to get as far from where I'd jumped to Earth as possible as quickly as possible, with no resources and not much clue as to what I was doing."

It's a personal question, but especially after what Jack and Kelly have been saying, I want to know. He seems to be in as good of a mood as he's likely to get while he's still being chased around by the Game. "So why did you decide you wanted to redeem?"

He's quiet for so long I start wondering if I've offended him, and miss the exit to the city we'd started at, and pass it completely. I can turn around later; the gas gauge is only at half empty. "When I realized that the car I'd been picked up by held two angels," he says. "Given the choice between ending up in Limbo, or running again wounded and having annoyed both sides of the War in short order, redemption suddenly seemed far less ridiculous an option."

It doesn't hurt as much as I expected to hear that. "And now?"

A brief sigh that I can barely hear over the wind. "I don't know, Kai. I get the impression that redemption works only for sincere candidates, and sincerity isn't something I do well. But... Renegades have a short life expectancy. Especially Lilim. Especially Lilim who have been seen in the company of angels."

"The Boss will know what to do. Even if," I swallow and keep my eyes on the road, "even if that's not why you first asked to see him. If you're ready, he'll know. If you're not, he'll be able to tell you what to do in the meantime."

"You believe that, don't you."

"Of course." It's a silly question for him to ask, but people say a lot of silly things when it comes my Boss. I'm probably just as clueless when it comes to other Superiors. "We should probably swing over and pick up Jack and Kelly. Though I'm not sure where we'll fit them." There's no way I'm giving up this car, short of another crash, and even then I'd start by asking Mannie if he could fix it. "They can get another car and follow along. Jack's a good driver, he'd be able to, okay, not keep up, but catch up when we stop for gas."

"Or we could keep going. Four's quite a crowd when it comes to moving inconspicuously, and the Game knows that the two of them have been with me. If it's just the two of us, there's less chance of being spotted before we can find Eli." He slips his sunglasses back on, returns his seat to its full and upright position. Must remember to get lessons in how to fly a small aircraft, some time. Or a large aircraft. Now those go fast. "We're not going to be able to out-gun the Game, so we're going to need to out-run them and out-think them."

"No one's better than Windies for running," I point out, but he does have something of a point. I like him better when he's in a good mood like this, and honest. If he has to spend another week around Kelly and Jack being suspicious at him, he's likely to go sulky again.

"I have complete confidence in your ability to get us where we need to go," he says. "We'll travel faster and less conspicuously together, and it'll distract the Game if they see Jack and Kelly running around somewhere that we're not. They've played their part by now, right? And it's not like Windys really do subtle." He pulls the motel notepad out from under his jacket. "I've written out the logical proof for this, if you wanted to take a look..."

"No, no, you have a point," I say. Besides, it's a bad idea for me to read things while going this fast. "I'd better leave them a message, though. There's, mm." Where am I? Ah, yes. Right there. "Creation Tether about a seventy miles from there. I'll leave them a message, they can pass it to some Windies, it'll get to the right place soon enough." I seem to be doing a lot of message-leaving of late. I ought to brush up on my writing skills; it's so much harder to convey what I mean when I'm not in front of the person I want to say it to. "Someone there might know where the Boss is supposed to show up next." Not that any of the rumors have panned out so far, and for all I know he's spending the summer in Australia, but I don't know what else to try. When he wants to be found we'll run into him, right?

"It sounds like a good plan, as these things go. Or at least better than some I've heard." I've gotten worse compliments than that, so I'll take it the way he means it.

This highway is nearly empty; I floor the gas and watch the speedometer to see how fast I can go. Zoom! It's not quite a motorcycle, but I could be convinced to give up motorcycles for a car like this. A bit harder to hide behind trees near a road when waiting to jump some nefarious demonic type, but I could work around that, I'm creative. The car's getting a touch skittish on curves at these speeds, but I bet I could fix that with -- no, wait, I'm no mechanic. I bet I could find someone who could fix it, though. "Hey, Mannie. Did you specialize in any particular type of tech? I mean, beyond the electricity thing. Mechanical stuff, computers..." The car stops accelerating at 123, probably a built-in safety measure. Pity, but I bet someone could fix that too.

"I don't do computers." Now that's a tone of wounded pride if I've ever heard it. "Idiot machines doing all the thinking for people... Before computers came along, there was serious research going on into the things you could build, what you could do with sheer power. These days everyone just wants to hack into systems or fiddle with miniaturization. No style to it, none at all. All this typing away without the patience to delve into the guts of a machine and see what makes it hum."

Yeah, he's going to get along just fine with the Lightning guys, assuming he doesn't meet the computer ones first. "So, tell me. Just how much faster could you make this car go, given the right tools and enough time?"

That analysis gets us all the way to the Tether. Complete with him scribbling out schematics to wave in front of me. And he says I never shut up.

I've never been to this Tether before, but I've heard enough about it from others that it's like driving up to the house of an old friend. For a minor Tether, it gets a lot of good press from other Creationers, though Adala got a very exasperated tone the one time I mentioned it when my triad was visiting. The parking lot is full, but I find a spot in the back that's just been vacated. "We're walking from here?" Mannie asks, as I turn the car off. What a pretty little car it is.

"No, this is the place." I search my pockets, and frown. "I spent all my money on coffee. Do you have any cash for the cover? I can get in without if needed, it'll just take longer."

"Sure, I have -- Kai, this is strip club. Judging by the name and the sign outside, anyway."

"Yes, and?" The bouncer is exceedingly polite, and checks both of our IDs before letting us in. Inside, the stage is well-lit, and the opening notes of "Black Velvet" have just begun to play, though no one is on the stage.

The room's packed, so I can only find us a table at the back up against a wall. By the time we sit down the dancer's hit the stage, obviously female with her top off. Sometimes I wish humans didn't spend so much time dressed in clothing, if they're going to be all obsessive about what bits people have. It would make it easier to tell who's what without trying to memorize all the weird ways that culture, class, and age combine when dictating what each sex should wear.

"Aren't places like this usually Tethers of Lust?"

I roll my eyes. "Come on, Mannie, why should the devil get all the good strip clubs? Look." I point at the stage, because he's barely been paying attention. "She's got great form, she's having fun, and all of these people here? Are here to watch women dance. Men too, but that's on Thursdays, if I recall correctly. And it's not like Creation has a problem with people enjoying the aesthetics of a body in motion." The woman on stage executes a move that throws her long hair everywhere, like a veil, and it's a pretty enough move that I'll have to remember to see if I can incorporate it into some of the pieces I'm working on back home. It's something of a limitation to need a dancer with hair to her waist for the part, but dance parts are always full of needs and limitations.

"But it's a strip club."

"You're really not getting over that, are you?"

"Not any time soon, no."

"Hey, as long as we're on the same page about this."

Mannie's more interested in schematics than the dancers, so I let him scribble away on his notepad, much as I think he's missing out by not watching. I'm happy enough with what mechanical things do, so I guess it's good that someone finds them fun to look at, but it's not my type of art. After the second dancer I order drinks from a circulating waitress, and spend the third set admiring the combination of caffeine and alcohol in Kahlua. I've heard there's such a thing as caffeinated soap; I'll have to look into it.

"I thought you were going to leave a note," Mannie says, more sourly than the situation warrants. "Are we going to be here all night?"

"I have an old friend who dances here. I want to see if she's on tonight, before heading out without saying hello." More precisely, I want to see her dance. Even as a kid she showed serious talent for dance, and the sort of grace that would make an Ofanite proud.

"Angel?"

"No, though she's a sweetheart. Soldier. She dances at the local RenFaires sometimes too, but I think she wears more clothing when she does those performances." And that's her just coming up on stage, all bounce and bright smile, entirely genuine. Mannie looks up for a moment, goes back to his scribbling. I guess you can take the Lilim away from Vapula, but you can't take the Vapulan out of the Lilim. Not right away.

I don't recognize the song, but it's fast, and so is she. All energy and swirl, very different from the sullen little girl I met over a decade ago. Some of those moves are the ones I taught her, some are standard improv, and at least one I'm pretty sure she made up herself. As the music fades and she heads out to collect tips, I stand up. "Back in a minute," and I'm working my way up to the front, slowly enough to not distract her while she's still dealing with appreciative watchers.

Tiffy catches sight of me before I'm quite to the front, and nearly knocks over a customer on her way towards me. "Kai!" And I'm spun around in a hug so tight I can barely breathe. "You finally came. I know, I know, you're on your way to something important, but I'm so glad you stopped by." She drags me back to a room behind the stage, beaming wildly at the woman who's reading a battered Jane Austen book there. "Moe, this is Kai, my old ballet teacher, from back when I was a kid. I've told you about him, right?"

"You certainly have." Moe stands up to take my hand, when I can extract it from Tiffy's grasp. "It's so good to finally meet you. I'm Brigid, the Seneschal of this place. What brings you to our corner of the world?"

"It's... a bit complicated." Much as I'd like to give the full story, this probably isn't the time or place to get other people involved in this. "Windies stop by here occasionally, don't they? I need to get a message to some friends of mine, I had to run off in a hurry and I don't want them to worry..."

"Easy enough." She waves another dancer through the room. "Did you want us to get them the message immediately, or with a bit of a delay?"

"As soon as possible. I don't want them to stress. Oh, and if my triad comes by -- I'd better leave them a message too."

"Judgment is looking for you?" Now both she and Tiffy are looking worried, which isn't what I intended. I wish triad references didn't keep provoking that reaction. A lot of Creationers get all stressed about being visited by internal security so often, which I can understand, though it would probably go better if everyone involved could relax and stop getting so defensive. But then, it's stressful to have the Boss never stopping by. He never calls.

"It's nothing big, honest." Well, for certain values of big. But it's not like I'm doing anything wrong. "I had to run out of town in a hurry to help some Windy friends, you know it's not like they'll wait, and so I missed my last appointment. I left Adala and the rest a note in San Francisco, but just in case they didn't get that one, it's a good idea for me to send them another. I'll be checking in with them the instant I'm done with this project, honest."

"Don't go getting into some sort of trouble," Tiffy says. She hugs me tighter, until I can barely work around her to write out my notes. "I'd be upset if anything happened to you."

"You don't need to worry. Worst comes to worst, I lose another vessel, and I'll wake up in a few days back at my Heart." Which would be awfully inconvenient at this point, as I'm on the last vessel the Boss gave me before he went off to work on his big project, but it's hardly the kind of tragedy corporeal death is for a human.

First, Kelly and Jack. I chew on the end of the pen, then work it out, a bit awkwardly, because I'm not so good with words:

Dear Jack and Kelly. Just a note to let you know that I'm fine. Met up with Mannie, and he's right, you guys have other things to do, and we'll travel better with two. Besides, the car will only seat two, and it's a really nice car. I hit 123 on the way over, and Mannie says he can make it go faster with some work. So don't worry about either of us. Thanks, Kai.

After a moment's consideration, I add,

Jack, would you pay the rent for me? Or if you can't, would you please call Sujan and ask him to pick up my bagpipes and my notebooks before the landlord dumps all my stuff? Thanks.

I fold the paper in half and write Jack's name on it in its proper Angelic script. "This one is for the Windies," I say. "I guess just about any of them would be able to get it to the right people." And then, the trickier note.

Dear Adala, Nomikos, and Dedan. I'm sorry I missed you in Seattle; I meant to meet up with you in the Creation Tether there like I said in the message I left with the chair of the board, but I'm not sure you got that message, and I didn't manage to get to that Tether before I had to leave town. I have some work I need to finish before I can head back home, but I'll let you know as soon as I get back in so that I can tell you all about it. Aside from having the Game after us, I'm perfectly safe, and I'm trying to be responsible and seeing this job through to the end like you always told me I should do. Jack and Kelly can tell you all about what's going on if you need more details. Hugs, Kai.

No, this demands another addendum. In very small letters at the bottom of the sheet of paper I add:

P.S. If you see Eli, would you tell him I'm looking for him? He probably knows, but he's also really busy, so he might find it easier to just tell you where I can meet up with him, or if I should do something else. Thanks!

This one I stick Adala's name on, since she's the one in charge of the triad. "And I'd better get going," I say, "though it was good to see you again, Tiffy."

"One more set," she says, "just stay a little longer?" And how can I say no to that?

She dances beautifully. I wish I were up there dancing along.

Adala received the note from an Elohite, who waited politely for dismissal before leaving her office. She waved it away as soon as she had confirmed that it did not know where the message had come from. Once she'd read through the note, transcribed by someone with a much neater hand than the original author, she sent for the rest of her triad.

Nomikos arrived first; he'd been pacing outside in the hallway ever since they'd returned, though he preferred to call it "observing the local residents for signs of dishonor." He'd just finished reading the note by the time Dedan loped in. "This isn't good," Nomikos said. "What's the Truth of the matter?"

Adala coiled about on herself, her middle left eye twitching. "He's written nothing he believes to be untrue, he's concealing the identify of someone though I don't know who, and there's all sorts of ineffability clouding the last section, which worries me."

Dedan read through, and sighed. "I wish I had attuned to him... But how could we know he would run off like this? He's been so responsible! No relationships with humans that overstepped the boundaries of appropriate care and respect, a properly Ofanite appreciation for movement, enthusiasm for battling the forces of evil, remaining steadfast in the task appointed to him..."

"It's hanging out with Windies that did this," Nomikos said, and they all agreed to the Truth of his statement. "I suggest that we speak to the two referenced in his note, as they may have enough details that we can divine how much trouble Kai is in."

"But we knew he was with them already," Adala said, frowning. "If he's no longer traveling with them, who is the someone that he does not refer to by name, or with any description? It's unlike him to deliberately conceal something from us. He's always been forthright."

"He no doubt believes he has good reasons for not revealing everything," Nomikos said, and they agreed to consider the implications of the matter while searching for the two Servitors of Janus who might have the information they needed.

Dedan found Kelly sitting in Novalis's garden, a sulking black-winged blot in the shade. After ascertaining her identity, he sat down beside her. "You seem dissatisfied, Virtue," he said, in what he hoped was not an accusatory tone.

"Lost another vessel," said the Malakite, her feathers fluffing up in anger, "and my Superior said that if I couldn't take care of them better I ought to learn how before he'd give me another one." Her hands twisted up clumps of grass. "And my friend is still in Trauma. No doubt he'll wake, but it'll be days yet."

This was unexpected, and did not sit well with Dedan. He shook his mane and asked, "Which friend was this, and how did you find your vessels destroyed? No doubt in the service of Heaven..."

"His name is Jack, and he's a Mercurian. They're not meant for fighting against those sorts of odds, Mercurians. He should have run for help and let me handle the situation. I'm made for throwing myself against death." She smiled wryly. "Though it may be true that of late I've been throwing myself against it a little too hard. Maybe we both should have run."

"You encountered demons, then?"

"Yes. Three -- no, four, because there was a Shedite there, though it didn't join in the fight. The two of us were outmatched. We should have retreated to get help, rather than trying to handle it ourselves."

"It is honorable to acknowledge your own mistakes," Dedan allowed, for he always worried when a Malakite began to doubt its actions in the fight against evil. "There is no dishonor in defeat when outnumbered."

"Should have been expecting it, though," Kelly said. She leaned her head back against the trunk of the tree, would not meet his eyes. "We knew the Game was tracking us, especially after the dust-up in Seattle, and it makes sense that after going down that hard once, they'd start sending out something tougher. We shouldn't have gone wandering out without being more careful, and we shouldn't have waited so long before looking."

A reliever approached them, a zippy little type that looked as if it had been spending far too much time in the company of Windies. It fluttered back a bit when it noticed Dedan, and frowned. "Message," it said, "for, oh, for you Kelly, except it's not, it's for Jack, but I thought you'd want to answer his mail while he's, oh, he's just out for a bit, I'm sure, but it's probably not urgent, so I can come back later. Or not? Or I can just leave it with him..."

"I'll take it," Kelly said, and accepted the message. She read through it, and stood up. "Kai, you idiot!" A few Flowers Servitors looked up at the outburst. Her hand grasped at her side as if she were expecting to grab a weapon from that area. "It's -- if you will pardon me, sir, I must go speak to my Superior."

"Wait," Dedan said. And because she wasn't waiting, he paced alongside her, having no time to send for anyone else. "If it involves Kai, a particular Ofanite of Creation, then it's my business too."

She wore the look of any Servitor of Janus being asked to discuss recent activities in front of someone of Judgment. "He's a good kid," she said, even though Dedan was sure the Ofanite was older than she was. "Maybe a little light in the Ethereal Forces, if you know what I mean. But nothing that Judgment would need to worry about. I just need to... track him down. Have a chat with him. And, hey, look at the time, I'd better keep moving. Nice talking to you."

"Kelly, be reasonable," Dedan said, wishing Adala were here to be stern, or Nomikos to address the Malakite in words another of his Choir would understand. "If Kai is in trouble, don't you think we want to help?"

She spun around. "I have no doubt you'd like to find some reason to haul another one of Eli's kids back to Heaven on charges, just because he didn't realize any more than we did--" She stopped, and spread her wings. "I need to speak with my Superior promptly. There are tasks left unfinished on Earth that I ought to be attending to. No doubt if you have official business with me, you'll let me know." And she was away in the sky before he could compose a suitable response.

Dedan looked down, and saw a crumpled note left behind on the ground. Perhaps God was looking out for even Eli's wayward children, today. He picked the note up and took it back to Adala.

Adala waited for Nomikos to join them before opening the note to read it. Then read it again. "He's traveling with who?" Her voice had taken on a shrill edge neither of them had heard recently, and Nomikos gently took the note away to look it over.

"Who's Mannie?" he asked, frowning. "This does sound like Kai..."

"Renegade. Renegade from Vapula. Renegade Lilim of Vapula." Two of Adala's eyes had begun twitching, producing an odd effect when trying to meet her gaze. "He's... what is he thinking?"

"Well," said Dedan in a reasonable tone, seeing that Nomikos was already starting to look unreasonable too, "Kai probably believes the Renegade in question is redemption material, and is attempting to find Eli to discuss the matter with the Archangel he feels most comfortable with."

"Lilim!" It was never a good sign when the Seraph was reduced to sentence fragments.

"It's not like Lilim never redeem," Dedan said, though he had his doubts about this one. A properly repentant demon would have turned himself in to the nearest Tether promptly, without all this running about.

"But... Eli!"

"We do know that Kai's been worried about his Superior of late, though he doesn't like to admit it, even to himself. I suspect this excursion is partly an excuse to find Eli again."

"But... the Game!"

"Mmm, yes." Dedan frowned. "That does make things more complicated. Especially with a Lilim involved, they'll be pulling out the heavy guns. That would explain those demons we met back in Seattle, right when the Windies were leaving. Poor Kai must have run into them the wrong way himself, but it sounds like he's back on his feet."

"Kai!"

"Needs rescuing, yes." Dedan and Nomikos hauled Adala away from the growing crowd of people trying not to look like they were watching a Seraph of Judgment have a complete meltdown in a public area. "We'll figure out where he's heading next, meet him there, take both of them into custody, and decide what to do with the Renegade once we've gotten Kai taken care of. He's probably confused, and doing what he thinks is best."

"But... Lilim!"

"You said that already, Most Holy."

I'm running out of leads, and we're running out of time. I'm not used to planning ahead, or trying to stay under the radar of someone else when not in my home territory. And Mannie, well, he's great with the mechanics of things, but I don't think he's had much practice in this sort of thing either. It doesn't help that he keeps coming up with ideas that are -- well, it's not like I can object to illegal actions on the basis of them being illegal, but he's not good yet at thinking about what things you shouldn't do. And I'm not a Windy, to walk the fine line between chaos and wanton destruction, which means I'm not the ideal candidate to be forming his moral compass, here.

On the plus side, I'm seeing more of the country than I've ever seen before. Most of it at pretty high speeds. I can't think of a better way to travel, aside from the bit where several angry demons are, presumably, trying to find us, kill me, and drag Mannie off somewhere horrible.

Okay, so I can think of better ways to travel.

Mannie's been studying maps for the last few hours, atlases and state maps and maps of city streets. I don't know why he's bothering; I know how all the interstates connect and twist anyway, and I can figure out where we're going by feeling my way there through the way it calls in the Symphony. But then, I shouldn't be surprised that a demon would have control issues.

"If you take 63 at the next juncture, we'll cut a few miles off the trip."

"It's faster to stay on this highway for the moment." He's going to argue, I just know it. "Honestly. Ofanite, Mannie. When it comes to getting places, trust me on this."

He peers over an unfolded map at me. "And you've never been wrong?"

"I'm right more often than you can trust the maps. And the map isn't going to show you where there's construction, or a three-mile traffic jam because of an accident, or any of a hundred things that can make road choice more important than miles traveled." I swing off on the next edit for gas, coffee, and a chance to stretch my legs. I love the speed this car gets, but I'm starting to get tired of sitting down all the time. My feet want to keep moving, I want to spin in ways that a car can't allow. Why can't I dance while driving? The idea of an automotive ballet is absurd, but strangely alluring.

Mannie hands me a cup of coffee, just what I need. I suspect he's getting a Geas hook in every time I take the coffee, but at this point another one isn't going to matter. "Come on," he says. "Let's keep moving."

There's a pay phone near the pumps, but it doesn't ring.

Back in the car, Mannie stretches his legs out, takes a long chug of his coffee. "So," he says, "what's with you and phones?"

"What?" I nearly miss the turn, and have to make a left turn from the middle lane to compensate.

"Every time we stop at a place like this, you stare at the phones, like you're waiting for a call. Are you expecting your triad to give you a ring?"

"No, it's..." This isn't something I wanted to explain to anyone. But I'm trying to be a good example, and being honest is a step in that direction. "It's... just in case. In case the Boss calls."

Even with his sunglasses on, his expression is apparent, and I hate the way he's looking at me. I don't need anyone's pity. It's not like I've been wronged. Maybe I'm just too clingy. "You think he's going to call you at a random rest stop?"

"Back when he first put me on Earth. In my job." I don't know why it hurts so much to talk about this to him. I've always loved telling the triads about those times. "Before he had to go work on his big plan. He'd call, sometimes. Ask me to do something, or just to say hi and tell me, oh, that there was some author out that I ought to read, or a performance in town I'd want to watch, or even that someone else needed a little encouragement and maybe I could stop by and say hi. Not often, but, you know, every few months, once or twice a year. And it was always great to hear from him. But I, um. Kinda took it for granted. It was just the way he was. To call."

Mannie shivers, reminded of something he doesn't want to talk about. "And he stopped calling?"

"Yeah. The last time I heard from him was..." And this is the part that hurts the most. "You know, I can't remember what he'd said that time? It was another great call, and nice to hear from him, and of course he was busy and couldn't talk long but was still taking the time out for me, and... then, a few months later, three angels from Judgment show up to ask me all these pointed questions about when I last saw him. And I couldn't even answer their questions as well as I wanted because I'd been busy, I'd been doing things, I was doing what he wanted me to do, and so..." This is a bad road to drive my thoughts down, so I grab my coffee and send them off towards the interstate of caffeine. "I don't know. Maybe he'll be finished and back tomorrow. Maybe it'll be another century. When you've been around for as long as he has, fifty years can't seem like a long time. For me, well, it's most of my life." And because the question hasn't occurred to me before and I'd like to change the subject, "How old are you, anyway? I know Lilim don't do the reliever thing..."

"Two hundred years old, give or take. I wasn't paying much attention to the date the first few decades, before I got out of Hell."

Older than me, Jack, and Kelly all put together. Younger than any of the angels in the triad that watches out for me. "You must have seen a lot."

"A fair amount. Most of it unimportant. After a while you learn to forget the boring details, the dialects no one speaks anymore, the skills no one uses... I've had no reason to drive a carriage in the last century, and being able to construct a deadly device out of gas lamps and horse harnesses is no longer useful."

"It sounds like fun, though." I'm already trying to build it in my head, flaming glass projectiles being slung about by straps and buckles and... whatever it is that one makes a horse harness out of. "Did you ever make one?"

"Once. Or... maybe twice. I don't recall." His seat tilts back until he's nearly horizontal. "How much longer until we get there?"

"Three hours. We should be coming up on it right around sunset. It's a--"

"Lovely time of day, yes. Do you ever stop admiring things long enough to figure out what they're good for?"

"Sometimes, when I'm about to hit people with them." Though I have no idea how to hit someone with a sunset. Maybe by taking a picture of it, developing the film, framing the picture, and using that? Seems like a roundabout way of doing things, but sometimes, for thematic reasons, it's worth going to a lot of trouble to find the right thing to hit a demon with. I once got to beat up an Impudite with a particular book in a very ironic manner, and it was extremely satisfying.

"Fair enough."

Right at sunset I start looking for parking on campus. The latest place I've had recommended to me is a little college with a great music program and, from what I'm told, a jazz band with a trumpeter who can improv like nobody's business. I wonder how hard it would be to add bagpipes to standard jazz pieces? Probably wouldn't blend in well, but then, you wouldn't think a tuba would go well with jazz either, and I've heard it done.

Most classes are over for the day, and the parking garage has plenty of spaces, though the lot right by the music building is packed. Somewhere deep inside the building a concert band is tuning up. The door to the building is unlocked, though no one is sitting behind the receptionist's desk.

"Wrong night for jazz band," Mannie says. He's found a schedule to read through. "They meet on opposite nights from concert band."

"He could be around anyway," I say, but my heart's not in it. It's silly to think this, but I keep believing that if he were around I'd be able to tell, that it would feel like something different than any of these places we've been to so far. The Boss can be as inconspicuous as he'd like, so why do I keep believing I'd know if he were nearby? Just because everything seems brighter and clearer and better when he's around, it doesn't mean I can look for that as a method to find my way back him again.

It would feel like quitting to not even check, now that we're here. I make my way down dim corridors to peer into empty practice rooms and classrooms. Music stands with no music on them look so lonely. "Hey, Mannie, you play any instruments?"

"A few centuries back, I was passable at the violin, but I stopped practicing once I left the Role that had required that skill." I've never tried any stringed instruments myself, but maybe I'll pick up one after I've mastered the bagpipes. I wonder how hard it would be to accompany oneself on a separate instrument, if only one needed breath... Of course, a Kyriotate could do about four instruments at once, and I've seen a few do so. I have to envy them that ability, even if I'd find body-jumping unnerving myself.

At the far end of the building from where the concert band practices, two wide metal doors stand next to a corkboard displaying all the random postings a music department gets, and a schedule. "Jazz band meets in here," I say, once I've found the entry on the schedule. "Last night, tomorrow night... but not tonight."

"This is pointless," Mannie says, and turns back the way we came, and then I'm slamming through the doors with him on top of me, a sound like someone's just returned the carriage on a manual typewriter. He's cursing, words I can't understand, that I don't want to understand.

Halfway to the floor on my face I catch myself, kick back up, slam the doors shut behind us. Another bullet slams into the door, leaving a dent right next to my face. I will take the time to thank someone profusely for sturdy metal doors /later/, right now more important things on my mind. Latch the door and that's going to hold them, what, twenty seconds? If they don't just jump celestial and walk through, at that.

No windows. Several music stands, chairs, a lectern, a chalkboard... I could do some damage with any of these, but they're not going to provide much defense against guns. Um. My mind starts spinning like a wheel caught in a ditch. "Mannie?"

"I don't know." If I had more time I'd sympathize with the frustration of having, well, brain the size of a planet and nothing for it work with, though at least Mannie's never been as depressed as Marvin.

No more bullets hitting the door. That latch is... not going to last long. Cheap security, if one could call it security at all. At least they're not going celform yet.

I drag Mannie through the one last door in the room, into a music library full of filing cabinets and still, no windows. Slam the door shut, start pushing a filing cabinet in front of it. "Want to lend me a hand, here?"

"They're going to get through this." He's not quite blank-eyed yet, but he's getting there, and I need him to think for me, I can't figure this out on my own. I dance, I hit demons with things in a creative manner, I occasionally play the piccolo. Strategy is so very much not my strong point. At least he's helping me push.

"Yeah, but this will give us a minute to think, and you can come up with something clever to get us out of here." Please, Mannie, don't go into panic mode on me now, I hate losing vessels.

"They're going to have those..." He gestures vaguely, having lost the word for whatever he means. "They're going to drag me back and, and," and, great, he's now almost entirely lost it. I am not ready to deal with however many people are out there.

"Mannie, how many of them did you see?"

"Three?"

"...at least three. Right." I can hear the doors swing open in the other room. "And after last time probably no one easy, either." I manage to get four filing cabinets lined up in a wall two deep in front of the door. If they have a Calabite with them, this gives me, what, another thirty seconds. "Mannie." He's staring at the back wall, as if that's any help, so I grab his hand to at least get that much of his attention. "I don't know what to do. You're the smart one, here. Give me a plan, an idea, a suggestion, something to work with. I need your help."

His eyes focus on me. "Call him."

"What?"

That sound behind us? Twenty seconds. I think that was the door. Two sets of filing cabinets to go. And I almost feel bad about putting all that sheet music in the way of a Calabite. It's not like college music departments are well-funded to start with.

"You still have a Superior. Invoke him."

"But... he doesn't come when I call!" And I have tried, back when my triad first politely asked so many years ago, again after we picked up that awful little talisman Mannie's still carrying, and he's... he's busy. He has more important things to deal with. I shouldn't be bothering him anyway.

"Do you have a better plan?"

"...right." Ten seconds. I have about three notes of Essence left, and it's not like they're going to do me much good if this doesn't work, so here's to hoping the Boss isn't caught up in something more important at the moment.

It would have been nice to say something witty or clever or at least elegant, but about all I can manage to think is

HELP

Between one blink and the next, I'm not in the room any more. And for half a second I'm terrified that he's just grabbed me and forgotten Mannie, that wasn't what I meant, but -- oh. A blank endless plain of grey sand in a sort of twilight, bubbles drifting by... The Marches. He's Kyrioing my vessel. Or someone is, anyway.

I hope he leaves a note or something when he's done, if it is him. I'd hate to have my first successful invocation in over fifty years be one where I don't even get to say hello. And... it hurts. Because I wanted to see him. But he's busy, and this is probably the most efficient way to do things, right? Get me out of the way, take care of things however he decides is best... Right.

It's a little odd to be myself again, instead of wearing a vessel. I haven't gone celestial on Earth in decades, and it's been a while since I've been in Heaven, where everything's set up to accommodate giant six-eyed snakes, winged lions, various humanoid types, Kyriotate masses, and, well, me.

I spend a minute or two spinning around over the sand. I don't see anyone else. I suppose ethereals would, by and large, be keeping out of the way, though I'm not a threatening force on this plane of existence. Any angels assigned to this place have their own duties, demons wouldn't be this far over near the -- yup, I can see the tower off in the distance.

I wonder how long the Boss is going to take down there. It would be rude to just pop into a bubble to see what's there, but sand is kinda boring.

The pull comes just when I'm three lines into a poem about willow trees, written into the sand. I don't really blink in this form, but it's much the same sensation, and -- slam. Back in my vessel, staring at Mannie. Who's... not panicking any more. But giving me the most peculiar look.

"Hey," I say. "What happened?"

"I felt a great disturbance in the Symphony, as if four Gamesters suddenly cried out in terror, and were suddenly... ah. Covered in toffee."

The music library looks like a cyclone went through here. Janus would be proud. I step outside into the main room and--

"...that's a... um. One of those pools you can put above ground in your back yard."

"Yes." Mannie appears to have had more time to take this all in than I have.

"Full of... toffee?"

"Apparently so, though I haven't actually tasted it, so I couldn't say."

There's a ladder on the side, so I climb up and peer down inside.

"Yeah. Looks like toffee. But I only see three people in there." Two of them are still moving, but I'm not sure how long that's going to last. It's hard to breathe through toffee, and almost as hard to swim through it.

"Oh, well." Mannie gestures towards a corner of the room, and there's something sitting there, with a tuba stuffed over her head. "The line worked better that way..."

"I never took you for a Star Wars fan," I say, and drop back down to the floor. Too bad there aren't any security cameras in here; I would give so much for a video of what just happened.

"Required viewing. Don't ask. Please."

"Well," I say, licking the trace bits of toffee off my fingers, "that worked out surprisingly well. Did. Um. Did the Boss... say anything to you? Before he left?"

"I gave him back his -- ah. I'm not sure it was his after all. But he said he would make sure it was taken care of properly." Mannie looks lost. I can't blame him. I feel about the same way. "And he told me..." He shakes his head. "I'll tell you some other time. But. Ah. Yes. This is for you."

It's a paper heart, like a little valentine, done from a sheet of paper out of Mannie's motel notepad. I open it up to read what's inside.

"Keep up the good work, kid."

There's nothing on the back. That's all that he had to say to me.

"He probably had important things to do, and not much time," Mannie says, and he's looking at me like he thinks I'm going to break down.

"No, no, I'm not upset," I say, and I'm not. "This is great." He took the time to leave me a note. He loves me, he thinks I'm doing a good job. I'm still his kid. "I was worried sometimes about this whole trip, that maybe I should have just stayed home, but... it's okay. I was doing the right thing." It's not quite a hug from the Boss, but it's as close as it comes from this distance. I could run for days on this alone. "I think we should call someone to come take care of the bodies before anyone in the college walks in. But they should leave the pool. You know that half the college pranks out there are bits left over from stuff Wind and Creation did..."

"Even the police car assembled on the roof of Caltech?" Mannie's holding a bit of paper in his hand, that I can't quite make out from over here. "Always wondered about that one..."

"Couldn't say, but I'll ask some Windies the next time I see them, in case they'd know." And because I can't contain my curiosity any longer, "What's that?"

"An origami frog," Mannie says. "I'm... not entirely sure why he gave it to me, before he left." And sure enough, it's another notepad sheet, folded up like a frog. The design doesn't look quite like the ones I can make, though. He hands it over to me.

"Oh, hey, look at this." Two bits of the frog are marked "pull" in small letters. I tug on those bits, and the whole thing snaps out, other bits folding under and around as it all pulls together. And now it's a neat little origami crane. "Cute! I need to figure out how to do that one." I hand it back to Mannie.

"Does it go back?" All the little pull bits are hidden now, tucked away somewhere inside. "No, it appears not." He holds it carefully in both hands, and I think it must mean something to him, because the Boss gave it to him special. But I don't know how the inside of Mannie's mind works, or what connections he's making.

"Did you get the answers you wanted from him?" I want to ask, will you go with me to a Tether now, will you actually try to redeem, but I don't want to ask those questions until I'm sure what the answers will be.

The doors to the music room burst open, and I'm just about to twitch in an oh, no, not again when I recognize the people coming in. Mannie twitches anyway, but then, he hasn't met them yet.

They look worried, but they shouldn't be, not at this point. "Adala!" I fling myself over there and hug the Seraph tightly. "I missed you guys so much. What brings you here?"

"Disturbance," Dedan says, eyeing Mannie in a disapproving manner. "And we were trying to find you before anything happened to you--" He stops, and stares. "Is that a swimming pool?"

"Yeah, I'll explain in a minute. Hey! Mannie, this is Adala, Dedan, Nomikos. They work for Judgment, great guys, they stop in to check on me all the time. Guys, this is Mannie, he's, um..." I try to figure out the best way to explain this to them without causing more problems than I'm prepared to deal with.

"A Renegade Lilim," Adala says, her voice taking on the tone of Judgment from on high, "formerly of--"

"Don't say it!" The three of them look at me. "Just... it's a bad idea, okay?"

Adala nods slowly. "It is. Very well. We won't... mention the name of his former Superior."

"Good, good. Um." Mannie has gone all blank-faced and still again, the way he does when he's trying to think of where he can run. Which is bad, because these people aren't going to hurt him, and running would look bad.

"Is that toffee?" Nomikos asks. He's not staring at Mannie the way the others are, which I guess means he hasn't been pinging anything too dishonorable from him. A good sign. "And... why is there a swimming pool of toffee in the middle of this room?"

"Oh! Right. See, we were being jumped by a bunch of Gamesters, so I called for help, and the Boss dropped by and sorted everything out." It's like drinking hot chocolate -- not the kind I make, granted -- to be able to tell people that he's been here, and he's doing the right thing. I go all prickly inside when other angels start getting disapproving about my Boss. I mean, he's an Archangel. Of course he knows what he's doing, even if we don't quite understand it.

"Ah. So the woman in the corner with the tuba on her head--" Nomikos smiles a little, as if he's appreciating the good work.

"His doing too, right."

"Mm. Nice job." Nomikos coughs, and straightens up. "We'll need to get all the details from both of you, for a full official report about having encountered Eli. As you know, the Most Just wishes to know all about his actions."

"Of course!" I know I'd be worried about my Boss if I knew what his big plan was, big enough to require all this time outside of Heaven. It's one of the reasons I'm just as glad he doesn't tell us the details. Makes perfect sense that Dominic wants to keep tabs on him, in case something goes wrong and he needs help.

Adala pins Mannie with one of her "I'm a Seraph" looks, the ones she pulls out when she thinks someone is going to lie to her. "Will you come peacefully with us to a Tether?"

"Certainly." Mannie puts the little origami crane away inside his jacket, and dips his head politely to her. "I would be, ah." A small wry smile. "Terrified to do so. I can't quite claim delighted."

Adala's shoulders drop slightly, as if she's disappointed in the answer. "Do you consider yourself a candidate for redemption?"

"I don't know," Mannie says. He spreads his hands. "Not being sure of the criteria for a successful redemption, I can hardly guess at my suitability, much less calculate my chances. But I'm given reason to believe I ought to look into the matter."

Adala blinks a few times, and mutters something under her breath that I can't quite make out, but sounds surprisingly like "Blessed Superior fuzz!"

"You shouldn't run off without telling us," Dedan says gently, and thumps me on the shoulder. "We were worried about you."

"I'll call first next time, or at least leave a note," I say. "Promise. It was careless of me to just run off without knowing how long I was going to be gone." If I can get back home by tomorrow, I'll be there in time to help everyone with the dress rehearsals before the recital, and make sure Sally Fieldman is confident enough in her part that she won't have a panic attack on stage. And I hug Dedan, because Cherubim need hugs too, just like everyone else. "Thanks for coming to find me. If the Boss hadn't shown up, we would have been in really serious trouble, there. I was so glad to see you guys show up."

"Always," Dedan says. "Now let's get you back home."

I hang up the phone, an antique rotary model, with the usual mixture of cheer and guilt that comes from his calls.

There's no one else in the office, an illusion of privacy for my conversation. If pressed, they would admit to the surveillance mechanisms set up here: hidden cameras, microphones, a thousand ways to make sure nothing happens in this Tether without their knowledge. But it would be impolite to press, so we maintain these fictions for the sake of civility and comfort.

Still, they would admit these things, if pressed. I'll grant them that much honesty. I can't hold security against anyone in a war, even if it's a war as hidden as the one they're in.

If it's a war, what does that make me? A deserter, I suppose. Which to them is marginally better than being one of the enemy. I'll take what bonus points I can get. They're hard to come by.

I close the door behind me on the way out, and Zif looks up at the sound, as if she didn't already know I was there. "Good conversation? That was shorter than usual." Her current Role is of an on-site company counselor, and she plays the part of psychologist so well I can only imagine she's done this sort of thing many times before.

"Yes," I say, and because she would ask anyway if I didn't continue, "Kai's busy at the moment. It's the night before the recital and he's working late on making sure the set is ready on time. So he couldn't talk for long."

"But he called anyway?"

"He always calls." He hasn't forgotten a day yet, though he did once call at three in the morning, apologizing profusely for the late hour. And in every call, not the slightest hint of concern over whether I may have tried to run off, or backslid. He just... wants to talk with a friend. It's strange, every time.

"You still feel guilty." She's always the perceptive one. I would call her Elohite, if I didn't know her to be a Cherub; she's reserved, precise, neutral when the situation calls for it.

"This isn't your office," I say. Will she take the hint?

"But the both of us are here," she says. Apparently not. Since it's not as if I could outrun a Cherub, even if I had a reason to do so, I sit down beside her on the couch. The lounge is reasonably private; the only people authorized to enter this wing of this floor of this strange little research laboratory I had never heard of before, despite many a security clearance, are people who know about the Tether. About me, and isn't that its own uncomfortable feeling?

"Yes," I say. "I feel guilty. Is this a good sign that I acknowledge my sins, or a bad sign in that I haven't overcome them?"

"Why do you feel guilty when talking to him? You haven't done anything wrong to him," she says. Always the reasonable one.

I put on my sunglasses. It's a sign of weakness, and we both know it, but it gives me some small comfort, even as a useless gesture. "It's not anything I've done to him," I say. The worst I ever did to him was tangle him up in the mess that is my current life, and I don't think he would hold that against me. "It's what I've done before."

"Why should speaking to him make you feel guilty about those things?"

"Because he doesn't know." He's always so careful to not bring up subjects he thinks might upset me. It would be exasperating if it weren't endearing, which describes much of his personality right there.

"You think he would think worse of you if he knew, and so you feel guilty for keeping such things a secret."

"Yes. No. It's--" I'm out of words often these days, left with futile gestures. But it behooves me to do my best under the circumstances, trying though they may be. "He treats me as if the beginning of my existence was when I met him. As if the worst thing I'd ever done was be a demon, with that something I couldn't help and which shouldn't be held against me." I stand up because it's easier to talk, sometimes, when I'm moving. Kai must be rubbing off on me; I never used to pace before. "But he knows how old I am, and who I worked for. He must know what sorts of things I've done. So how can he not care?"

She sits there quietly, hands folded on her lap. "Has it occurred to you that he may have forgiven you for such things already?"

"He can't... take away my responsibility for them. They're my damn sins to atone for."?
"That's not what forgiveness is," she says. Zif is never upset by anything I say. That does become exasperating on occasion, when I wish someone would shout back, or tell me that I was wrong, that I should have known better, that it's all my fault. But it's not in her nature to say those sorts of things. "Would you be happier if he did hold your past actions against you?"

"No." She doesn't say anything. Damn her pointed silences. "Maybe. But... He fully expects me to redeem. He believes that I have it in me to be an, an angel. How am I supposed to do that when it would take me a thousand years to try to make up for what I've done?"

"If redemption were limited to those who had atoned for all their past crimes, no one would redeem at all," Zif says. And she might have said more, but I'm saved by the door opening to let in the Seneschal of this place, and someone who I haven't seen here before.

"In my office," Ian says. It doesn't bother me to receive such cool, blunt words from someone who has the excuse of being an Elohite. I follow him back into the office, take my accustomed seat. The newcomer, a pale woman with very red hair, gives me a curious look and sits down in the remaining chair.

"Tamah, an Ofanite of Lightning," Sean says, with the briefest of gestures to the woman. "Maharang, a Lilim." A gesture to me. I wish he wouldn't use that name; it gives me unpleasant memories of Mother. I could hardly expect an Elohite of Lightning to be anything but precise, so I don't argue with the introduction.

She's drumming her fingers along the arm of the chair already, and it's a familiar gesture to see. "Pleased to meet you," she says, offering me a hand.

I take it. "Please call me Mannie."

"Sure." A quick smile for me, and then she's whipping tubes out of the duffel bag she carries, dropping them onto the wide, spotless desk in front of us. "I couldn't get everything, but I did grab a lot before I had to run. Hope it'll be of some use. Did you want me to stick around, or should I see if anyone else needs a hand around here?"

"Stay for the moment," Ian says. He opens one tube, and unrolls the papers within. Schematics, wiring diagrams... I find myself up and leaning over the desk to take a closer look before I've half realized I'm moving. "We may want more information about where you got these and what else you saw that you were unable to bring," he continues, but I'm already leafing through the pages.

"Hari," I say. "He never did have a proper grasp of good wiring techniques. I can see this working, but not without some major changes. If this is more than a first draft, he's gone downhill since I was last unfortunate enough to witness his work. And -- is he really trying to run a current through that? He'd be lucky to run this thing for five minutes without shorting the whole thing out."

"You know the demon who came up with these?" She's giving me the dubious look that most of the angels who meet me for the first time in here do, as if she's just realized I'm still, ah, demonic, as it were.

"Know him, knew him..." I wave it away. I'd rather not get into a discussion about that particular Habbalite. My own poor little laboratory is long gone and given over now, and it's pointless to hold grudges in a fight over something I don't want anymore. (I would like to think I don't want it anymore; some nights, I do wonder, when everyone else here has an office, projects to work on, and I'm as bored as an Ofanite on a road trip who's not being allowed to drive.) "He was always better politicking than he was at science. You should have seen his design for robot ninjas. An absolute mockery of basic principles."

"Robot ninjas?" Tamah asks.

"Yes, I told him the proper plural term is ninja, but it's not like he would listen. I think he managed to complete one marginally functional prototype, but it fell off a ledge on its way to its first mission." I amend, because I am supposed to be practicing honesty while I'm here, "It didn't so much fall off a ledge as it was pushed, but it wouldn't have worked properly anyway. He outsourced that project, so it was his own fault."

"So you can... interpret these schematics?" Ian again, always one to return to the matter at hand.

"It's a piss-poor set of plans for anything, but, yes, I should be able to figure out what that twisted little mind intended these things to do, and with a bit of extra effort, also discover what this thing would actually do." Another tube on the table, and I pull those open too. "It will take me a few hours to cover all the possibilities, though. How soon do you want to know?"

"As soon as reasonably possible." Exactly the answer I expected from him. He pulls away the papers and rolls them neatly back together, puts them in the tubes. "I'll have Zif show you to a room where you can work on these. Tamah will assist with other duties here until you're finished, so that you may call her if you need more information."

I'll find an excuse to call her over even if I don't need more information about the labs these were stolen from. I'd like another point of view on what Ofanim are like, if only so that I have a better idea of how to deal with them. "Thank you," I say, and surprise myself by meaning it. "I'll have the report to you as soon as it's ready."

"That would be acceptable." He nods to me, a sign to let him get back to other duties, and I'm just as eager to get a good start on these plans as he is to have me do so. Though I suppose Elohim don't do "eager" so much as they judge the situation and decide haste is appropriate.

Zif leads me down the hallway to one of the smaller conference rooms, Tamah skipping along beside us. "It's good that you have something to do," she says, "if only so that you're not trying to rewire the electrical system again," and that sounded almost like an attempt at humor on her part.

"I only tried once," I said. "It was an inefficient design that would have benefited from the change." Schematics begin to spread all across the table as Tamah pulls them out of their tubes, flawed designs that need correction and analysis of their failures. If I just had a pot of coffee and some way of playing Ride of the Valkyries while working on this, life would be very nearly perfect.

Ah, but I have an Ofanite handy. "Tamah, do you know where they keep the coffee around here?"

"I'll grab us a pot," she says, and darts from the room. There's a certain lovely pell-mell style to how Ofanim move, as if every part of their body wants to be the part making them move forward, all at the same time.

Searching through my pockets for a pen that's still good, I find the little origami crane, and I set it in the middle of the table, as if it were supervising the whole affair. "Cute," Tamah says, returning with an entire coffeemaker in her arms, mugs and sugar packets and a canister of fake creamer all piled about on top. "You do origami?"

"No," I say. And can't resist continuing, "An Archangel gave it to me."

She sets everything down in a single coordinated clatter that somehow avoids breaking anything or even mussing the papers we've pulled out. "Huh," she says, and peers more closely at it. "Doesn't look like Jean's style."

"Different one," I say, and pull out my favorite notebook, and I get to work. There's a report to be written.

I figure out where I am again with Zif holding me, surprisingly strong for her vessel, and it shouldn't surprise me one bit, she is a Cherub. "Back now?" she asks, and I blink several times at the wall. It's just an ordinary wall. Nothing to see here. Move along.

There's someone in the background babbling apologies, and Zif must be able to see my expression, because she lets go of me and hustles whoever it was out the door. Some Kyriotate in a body I'm not much familiar with, riding a local scientist about for a few hours to deliver reports here. Unimportant. Irrelevant.

Zif closes the door behind it. I'm growing fond of doors and locks, in here. It means that other things and people are locked safely away outside. In the center of a Tether of Lightning, security coming out the very vents, I could not possibly be safer than I am now. I have an actual Cherub attuned to me, keeping tabs on me from a distance precisely judged by my needs. It doesn't get any safer than this. It doesn't.

My breathing is almost even, again.

If my darling impulsive little Ofanite were here, he'd be babbling about ballet and music and other things I've never felt a need to understand until recently, and walking me in a circle until I could think straight again. But Zif is a Cherub who's nearer to Elohite than her own Choir, so she sits down neatly on one of the chairs around the conference table, and waits for me to say something.

I could be silent for hours, and she would wait there, watching. Might as well speak and get it over with.

The unspoken question is the one psychologists around the world are known for, so I answer that one first. "I hate it. I hate how it makes me feel, I hate what it makes me do, I hate the loss of control, I hate how stupid it is. To respond like that to a word. If he were here," and there's a wave of terror just waiting to unleash at the very thought, but if I don't say the name I can hold it back, "it would be reasonable to be terrified. There is no reason for me to be afraid of his name. I hate it."

Zif mms, noncommittally. "You were forced into a situation where acquiring Discord was inevitable. The nature of Discord is that it can't be controlled. Which do you fear more; your response, or the lack of control?"

"It's a toss-up." I hate the way it makes people look at me, a pitiful thing in need of sympathy. And everyone here keeps trying to fix me.

Fine. I'm broken. But I'm a competent mechanic in my own right. "Are you done asking questions?"

"For now," she says, and tilts her head at me. "You're still shaking. You ought to do something to take your mind off things."

I close my hands into fists until they stop moving. There is no reason to be afraid. None at all. "I don't suppose Ian has anything new for me to look at?"

"Mm. No. And I don't think reading over such things would be good for you right now."

"What do you expect me to do?" Jack and Kelly would have already crept out, broken through the security systems, run laughing into the night. Kai would be a whirlwind of activity, making things or just moving, anything to occupy his mind. And I... study. I plan. I design, dissect the designs of others, improve things.

If they don't want me to do what I can do well, I don't know what else to turn to.

She smiles, a small twitch of her lips. "Something that has nothing to do with any of your skills. You need a hobby. Something to help you relax."

"Fine," I say, and throw up my hands. "I'll find something utterly useless to do. And you think this will help?"

"Maybe," she says.

I take a few minutes to stalk through the halls. I'm politely confined to this secured wing, and it's wearing on my nerves. It's not that I haven't spent weeks, months, an entire decade once inside a single laboratory, but in those cases I was always doing something. I had a project, people to supervise, things to be done. Here, they toss me something handy if no one else has the time, to keep me occupied and from going completely mad.

Why couldn't I have had a Discord that made me unusually compassionate, or angry, or sprout horns from my vessel? Those would be so much easier to deal with than this stupid, pointless fear.

There's a small library at the end of the hallway, bookcases full of good paper bound up with stitches and glue. It's not much used, not with everything available on computers these days, and that annoys me more than it ought to. I've always been one to favor progress, but what's wrong with books? I like books. They stay where they are, and people don't hack in and change the information when you're not looking. All you have to do to keep the information on paper secure is stick it in a box with a lock on it. Computers are over-rated.

Most of the books are slightly out-dated by human standards, dreadfully obsolete by the standards of Lightning or -- well, by any celestial standards. I find a copy of the Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica, though not in the original language, and settle down to take my mind off of things, so far as I'm able.

It doesn't take my mind off of things.

There's a phone in here, standard office equipment. I take a moment to lock the door. Most of the angels have the keys or means to open it, but it's one way to express a desire for privacy that they'll respect unless something urgent comes up.

Nine for an outside line, my long distance code for whatever purposes they use such tracking methods for, and then the number I've memorized. At this time of day Kai ought to be home for lunch, and if he hasn't set the kitchen on fire again, it's a good time to catch him.

"Hi!" Breathless, as if he's just been running somewhere. He's always just been running somewhere. "Hey, Mannie! Good to hear from you!"

"You finally got caller ID, I see."

"Yeah, Jack set it up for me, I'm not clear on how it works, but he said it might come in handy, especially if someone calls while my triad's visiting, though I don't know what that would have to do with anything. What's up?"

A thousand things I could say, but I'd rather not, so I switch into my own version of Zif's therapist mode. "Calling to see how you're doing. How did the recital go?"

"Oh, it was great, wish you could have seen it. The advanced class was absolutely perfect the whole way through, it was beautiful." I can hear footsteps as he paces around the room. "Everyone did really well, even the beginner class, and Emma recovered really well from a fall, I was so proud of her."

"Recovered well? She was hurt?" This is what I needed to relax, letting his bouncy babble wash over me and wear all the sharp edges off of my thoughts.

"No, no, she wasn't hurt at all. I mean, she kept right on going. You have to do that in a performance. If you make a mistake, it's not like the whole thing will stop so you can go back and do it over properly; the music's still playing, everyone else is still dancing, gotta keep up with things! It's one of the things we teach in class, how to recover from a mistake. Get back up, get back into place, and keep going as best you can. You can't let one fall bother you, or you'll be off-balance for the entire performance, which makes it worse."

"Ah. I see." I find that I've taken to pacing around the room when I'm on a cordless phone like this, and it appears I have picked up a few habits from the Ofanite. "I'm glad to hear it went well, then. And that Jack is back on his feet."

"Yeah, though Kelly's still stuck upstairs until she manages to do enough that Janus isn't so annoyed at all the vessels she lost. Which I do feel bad about, as at least two of them were my fault--"

"Don't worry about it," I say. "The first time you had no choice in the matter, and the second time was an accident."

"A stupid accident, though. I should've been more careful." A small sigh, but his tone bounces right back. "So I'll know better for next time! Live and learn, keep on moving... Are they keeping you busy, there?"

"Busy enough." If I ask for a few more notebooks just for personal use they surely won't mind, and I can work on... projects. Nice, safe projects. Or write up sufficient proof to demonstrate why they ought to let me rewire the building. "They don't seem to quite know what to do with me, sometimes. Or they treat me like I might go running off into the night if they say the wrong thing." Not that I haven't been tempted some nights, but in here I am... safe. There are things outside that would like to tear me to pieces, and I'd rather not give them the satisfaction.

"You should take up a hobby. It'll keep you entertained until you've figured out what to do. How about the violin? You said you used to play that. Huh. I wonder if anyone's ever done an electric violin the way they've done electric guitars... I'll have to look it up."

"People keep saying that," I say, and because he's already run halfway on past the point I was addressing, "about a hobby. And, ah, you seem to be under the impression it's my choice as to what to do in this situation."

"You're the one who started this trip, Mannie. I think you're the one who has to finish it." And if anyone else said that, it would sound like an accusation, but he's only speaking his mind, as helpful as ever. "Maybe they're waiting for you to decide you're ready to do something."

"What if I'm never ready?"

I didn't mean to say that. He has that effect on me. His words spin around in so many directions, I start actually saying what's on my mind.

"Never is an awfully long time, Mannie. I know I'd get bored stiff trying to make up my mind for that long." A pause, and, "I have to run, I have class starting in ten minutes. I'll call you when I get back, okay?"

"Thanks," I say, and then hang up, because I know he'll try to stay on the line until I do.

I still have a fifth of a notepad in my jacket, from the motel in Seattle. By the time I'm back at the conference room where Zif is waiting, I've sketched out a preliminary design for an electric violin.

The clock on the wall says it's two minutes to midnight. Considering where I am, I have no doubt that the clock is synchronized with the official atomic clock, to the millisecond. Or perhaps Lightning has its own atomic clock, set to some higher standard than humans can reach. It wouldn't surprise me; they seem to be very much about higher standards than humans can reach. Something of a theme.

I have an appointment in forty-six minutes. Zif tells me that honesty to myself is nearly as important as honest to others, so I'll be truthful: I am not scared senseless. No, scared senseless is when someone mentions his name. I'm only terrified in a normal way.

It would be nice to go a few days without wanting to curl up in a corner and whimper. Just for a change of pace.

Zif isn't commenting on the sunglasses I'm wearing. I can appreciate that. She does look slightly concerned, which means I'm showing more of my anxiety than I'd like to. Or maybe it's that she knows me well enough by now to realize what I'd be feeling, whether I show it or not. "Anxiety is unproductive," she says. "There's no reason to be worried."

"On the day when my emotions are controlled entirely by what's productive and reasonable, I'll have managed to transform myself into an Elohite. I don't believe that's happening any time soon." I'd prefer to be working on something, but there'd be too much chance of becoming distracted and being late to the appointment, which would make a bad first impression. Especially with this Archangel, of all of them.

I've only met a Superior from the, ah, other side once before. He wore a friend's body, and saved me from certain consequences that would have been much worse than simple annihilation. He smiled at me, and handed me a bit of paper he'd folded into an origami frog, and gave me good advice. It was still terrifying. Nothing I've heard about this particular Archangel gives me reason to believe he'll be reassuring, by any means.

Thirty-eight minutes. Zif is working on one of her projects, something not so confidential that she wouldn't work in front of me, but not so open to discussion that she'd actually explain it to me if I asked. I have absolutely nothing to do. If I had a phone I would call -- but no, that's a bad idea. I can't go running to call every time I have a bad day, or I'll get nothing done at all.

Still. It might help.

"I need coffee," I say, and stand up. Zif only nods briefly. I can certainly get a cup of coffee and be back within, ah, thirty-four minutes. Even with a stop on the way to make a very brief call.

Coffee first; I was never fond of it before, but I've grown accustomed to using it as a way of occupying my mind, distracting other people from an issue, or giving myself something to do. And then to the library, the phone, waiting for someone to pick up on the other end.

A ring and a half in; he must have been in a completely different room to let it go that long, or distracted. "Hi, Mannie. What's up?"

The door to the library is closed. I might as well be honest. "I have an appointment with an Archangel in a little over twenty minutes. Preliminary things. If I'm lucky, he might do something about my Discord. It's... nothing serious yet."

"And you're twitchy."

"I am not -- ah. Well. I suppose could describe it that way." He doesn't have to sound so amused.

"I could tell you to relax, but I bet everyone else told you that. Never met him myself, so I can't tell you what he's like beyond what you've already heard. But look at it this way! You could be meeting with all sorts of other people you'd have greater reason to be nervous about. Jordi. Laurence. Dominic. Michael..."

I twitch, and I can hear him laughing on the other end. "Come on, Mannie," he says, as if I'm an old friend who's only worrying about presenting an important report. "Sure, it's going to be intimidating, but you'll deal. You're competent, sincere, and you asked for the meeting. That has to count for something."

"I'm more than competent. I am good at what I do." He's pushing for that, and I'm happy to oblige. It's a touch of comfort tonight.

"See? Nothing to worry about. And, hey, humble. Archangels dig that."

He's definitely laughing at me now, and I can't blame him for it. "Excuse me for being discomfited by the prospect of meeting someone who would have been trying to smash me into pulp if I'd managed to get the Word I was once shooting for."

"Nah, he'd probably have tried to redeem you first. It'd be a waste to lose someone as competent -- excuse me, as good as you, right?"

"And he's... efficient."

"Very. Or so I'm told. I mostly admire Lightning for the explosions and spiffy devices, but I'm told they're the model of efficient, skilled, so on and so forth. But what would I know? I do music, dance, and sometimes hitting things. Science isn't my field of expertise."

"That's the truth." I wouldn't trust Kai near anything mechanical unless he was attempting to drive it, and even then I'd make sure to wear a seatbelt.

"Oh. Um. Half a sec!" The receiver drops to the ground with a thud on the other end, and I wait for a minute while somewhere in his apartment -- ah, the sound of a fire extinguisher. "Sorry about that," he says, once he's back. "I forgot about the eggs. You'd think scrambled eggs would be easy, right? Go figure."

"I swear, you could set things on fire trying to boil water."

"Only once! And the fire was very small, and Nomikos helped me put it out, and Adala said that all things considered she didn't want a cup of tea anymore, so it was okay."

His triad is brave indeed, to show up at his place not clothed in asbestos. I should be thankful we never stopped long at a place with a kitchen.

Things were simpler when I was just trying to outrun my fellow coworkers, my former Superior, and the Game. As objectives go, "Don't get caught" is one of the more focused ones.

I've missed a few sentences, something about his triad and coffee and reports, none of it urgent. My watch tells me it's five minutes until my appointment. "I need to go, Kai."

"Good luck. And thanks for calling." A brief hesitation, as close as he comes to seriously considering something before saying it. "Let me know how it goes?"

"I'll do that."

My coffee has gone lukewarm. I pour it out in the sink in the kitchen, refill the cup, and go back to the room where Zif is waiting. She says nothing about how getting coffee doesn't take that long. Surely Cherubim aren't meant to have this sort of insight into people? Or perhaps it's only that I'm easy to read, these days.

Maybe I'm overanalyzing things.

I was expecting something grander, if only from experience with him. A bolt of lightning from nowhere, sparkling light coalescing into a shape... A touch of drama. But it's only that the two of us are sitting at the conference table, and then there's a third person at the head of the table, as if he's been there all along.

Precisely on time. Of course.

He opens up a briefcase. "I've read the reports sent to me by people you've been dealing with," he begins, directly to the point. I can appreciate that. "Highly subjective, but informative in their own way." Neatly typed stapled stacks of paper pulled out one at a time, a visual aid to remind me that he knows... more than I know he does, likely more than I suspect. The last one to go on top of the stack is written on notebook paper. From where I'm sitting I can see that it was written in pen up until a large ink splotch, and continues in crayon afterwards.

Kai sent in a personal recommendation? I'm not sure if I ought to be flattered or nervous. His notes make for strange results.

"You wished to speak to me about a matter of some Discord you acquired while going Renegade." An even look, and I'm reminded that I did ask for this meeting, so it behooves me to do something other than sit here dumbly.

"Yes." A 'sir' just doesn't feel appropriate at the moment, leaving my phrase sounding all stilted. And I'm sliding down in my chair, as if making myself look smaller and more in need of sympathy would be useful. Ridiculous, in these circumstances. I will sit up straight and act competent. "When I broke my Heart, I found that I had acquired a, ah, phobia of my former Superior. Which under the circumstances would be entirely reasonable, except that it's too easily triggered by mention. Of his name." My hands are shaking again, trying to talk about it. "This is... more than inconvenient. Especially if I'm trying to provide any information to the people here about, ah, the interpretation of certain documents." And now I've babbled on long enough. It's not as if he doesn't know all of what I've said.

His expression is cool, distant. I think I would have to run screaming if he looked kind. "The request is reasonable," he says, "if you intend to work for my organization. To do so for long would require further changes on your part."

"I know." And because it requires more explanation than that, "The necessary criteria for attempting that change successfully are, ah, poorly documented. I hesitate to take the risk without more data than I have available, but it seems there is no more data for me to acquire on this subject." I could wait forever on this and never be sure, I'll have to make a decision eventually... But not yet.

A fractional nod on his part. "Then you intend to work for me should the attempt be successful."

"I can hardly imagine myself anywhere else." Except maybe in Creation, and I don't think Eli is taking new Servitors at the moment. Besides, I'd have to take up a hobby, and I'm not good at hobbies. My violin-playing never reached further than adequate. "And at least with, ah, in your organization, I don't think I would find myself on projects so ridiculous as some I've been assigned before."

"Such as?" I can feel the slightest touch somewhere inside me, as if I've just walked through someone in celestial form. I could sing for the relief of it, but he's asked a question.

"Lightsabers. I don't know who let him watch those movies. I don't know why they were stupid enough to let him watch those movies. Lightsaber... reliquaries. He wanted them to be powered from the reliquary built into the hilt, and function precisely like they did in the movies, down to cutting through steel, deflecting each other, shutting on and off with that particular sound effect..." The shudder is nearly one of nostalgia at the memory. "Ten years on that damn project before he gave up and went for battle droids instead, and I'm only counting the time I spent working on it. The entire laboratory got together to send George Lucas an appreciative note when the sequel came out to distract him. At least I didn't get assigned to the Death Star project."

"The Death Star project?" If I didn't know better, I'd say he sounded as if he were dreading my response.

"Yes. It was the stupidest project ever. Well. Not ever, but in a good long while. It's a massive undertaking. It would require decades of design, testing, redesign, bug-correction, the labor alone in building, and for what? A machine that can blow up planets? What would he do with it? Where would he put it? What's the point of having a machine that can blow up a planet anyway? None of the other Princes aside from Saminga would have let him use it in the first place! And if they ever finish working on that thing, no doubt he'll even insist that the people running it wear those weird black helmets, because that's how its done! It's fucking insane is what it is, and you can't say that, so you just end up standing there nodding and grinning and trying to figure out how the hell you can avoid being assigned to the project! It's what happens when your boss is a Habbalite! They're too damn crazy to give reasonable guidelines!"

I probably shouldn't be shouting at an Archangel. Deep breaths. "In short, I suspect I would be far more comfortable in the service of Lightning, judging by the evidence of what I've seen here. Should you care to have me." Which he must, or he wouldn't be here now, but it's bad form to assume that people will do what you think is most reasonable. They'll so often disappoint.

Another fractional nod. "When will you be prepared for redemption?"

He would ask the difficult questions. "I don't know. But I can't stay here like this forever."

"Send a message when you're ready, then." No lightning back up into the roof or flash of light, only that he's gone again, the meeting over. He has other things to be working on.

"How are you feeling?" Zif tilts her head just so.

"I wish I could take a walk outside."

"It would be a bad idea."

"Very. Which doesn't stop me from wanting it." And because her expression speaks of potential concern, "You don't need to worry about it. I'll be in the library."

I've been spending a great deal of time on the phone of late. Zif tells me that forming connections with other people is a sign of personal growth, and a healthy adjustment to moving from the overly hostile environment of Hell to a less aggressive environment. Unspoken is the assumption that so long as I'm forming connections with other people, it ought to be with other angels. She may be right. A month ago, the idea of redemption was ludicrous, a last-minute attempt to save my last vessel from being skewered by a blackwing who wouldn't have thought twice about it.

And now? I've met two Archangels, I'm wandering the hallways of a Tether of Lightning, and the closest thing to a friend I have is a batty little Ofanite who I've lied to a dozen times, and he hasn't held any of it against me. And I thought my previous job had its odd moments.

"How did it go?" The phone barely had a chance to ring. He must have been waiting there for me to call, and that's a strange thing to picture. An Ofanite waiting for something to happen.

"Better than I expected," I say, and lean back on the couch, prop my feet up on one arm in an untidy manner. "I made a complete idiot of myself, but he was kind enough to take away my Discord, so I consider it a more than fair trade."

"You're too hard on yourself. I'm sure you did fine."

He believes that, doesn't he? He always was a bit light on the Ethereal Forces, but it's strangely reassuring to have his full confidence in me. Not that I deserve it, now or for a long time to come. "You say I'm too hard on myself? I'm not the one who beat himself up over taking out a Malakite. A Malakite, Kai. Coming back again is what they're known for." That and their unrelentingly hostile approach to demons, but that's not relevant. "I'd like to think that I have the ability to assess my own performance in an objective manner."

"You're a pessimist, is what you are." He has the television on in the background, something to keep him distracted in the night while he's trying to maintain a Role, pretending he sleeps like humans do. It must be strange to hold a steady Role as an Ofanite, playing the game of staying inside and doing nothing for six hours of every day. "You need to get out a little, or find a way to relax. Have you considered--"

"Taking up a hobby? It's only the sixth time you've suggested it. At this rate I'll have to begin playing the violin again just to have a little peace and quiet."

"Violin and bagpipes. We'd make a great duet."

My mind recoils at trying to imagine the combination. "On second thought, maybe I'll take up watercolors. They're supposed to be relaxing."

"Not a bad idea. But what topic are you trying to avoid talking about?" A faint chuckle at my silence. "Come on, Mannie. I may not be as smart as you are, but I'm not a complete idiot. Not most of the time."

"I'd rather not talk about it." Honest enough that I won't feel guilty about it, without venturing into territory I'd rather not visit. "Tell me about your day, ask a question, something else."

"Fine," he says. He's channel-surfing while he's talking; I can hear the voices and music in the background snap from one vapid line to another. "I wish I could talk to you in person. It's so much easier. If they'd just tell me where you are -- but, hey, I can understand the security concern. None of my business. Questions, right. Um. Here's one, you don't have to answer if you don't want to. What does it feel like to lose a Force?"

"Everyone is asking me the hard questions today," I say.

"I could ask another one, if you'd like. If you were a tree, what kind of tree would--"

"No, it's a legitimate question, thank you." Watching Kai come up with ideas is almost as frightening as Vapula doing so, if on a much smaller scale.

And the name doesn't... frighten me. Not anymore. I can, in an almost objective way, tell myself that I am safe here, I will continue to be safe, and that mad Demon Prince can occupy himself with a thousand idiot, genius projects without any of my help.

There are so many things I could do, with the resources being offered to me. All the ideas I've never had time to explore, every prototype I've never had the budget to build and test, the plans I left behind when I fled Russia and never yet had an opportunity to reconstruct--

"Mannie? You still there?"

"Yes," I say. "Just... realizing certain possibilities."

"Are you going to be okay?"

"Certainly," I say. "I'm going to be fine."

For the rest of the conversation, I let him do most of the talking. It's easier that way, and it's not as if he runs out of things to say.

When I find Zif again she's in her office, not the official one where the humans who work in this facility come to pour out their feelings and frustrations to her, but the tidy little room where she does her real work. Nothing frivolous in the entire place but the cut-glass lampshade in the back. She indicates a seat when I enter; I sit and wait for her to finish her current task.

"How did your conversation go?" A therapist's tone: neutral, bordering on encouraging.

"Well enough. Listening to him talk is... different." If Kai worked for Novalis, I'd say trying to understand his perspective was like looking through rose-colored glasses, but he's too enthusiastic about attacking the forces of evil for the metaphor to work. "I'd like to speak with Jean again, when he has the time." I feel like half a fool to say this so soon after he already made the time for me, but I'd rather not lose the courage while I'm still holding so tenuously to it.

"I'll let him know," she says, and no doubt the email is gone even as she says it.

She pushes her laptop aside, a few centimeters, it's enough to show that she intends to give me her full attention. In case I need to confess, ask for reassurance. Anything I need.

Very well. I'll confess. "I didn't tell him."

"Why not?"

"He would worry."

That small nod. I now know where she gets it from. "And you feel guilty about this."

"Possibly. Is it appropriate to feel guilty for something like that?"

"If you believe he would be disappointed by the action, perhaps."

"He would forgive me in an instant." No wonder I feel guilty. It's like closing the door on a puppy.

Jean is here between breaths. Disconcerting, how he does that. Reassuring, that he feels no need for fanfare. I had expected to wait longer. "What do you want?" he asks. He might as well be asking me what I Need.

"To change." To learn ballet, if Kai's metaphor is appropriate. I will take a moment to laugh at the mental image of Jean in a tutu some other time, some time after this. Not now.

"What are you afraid of?"

"Entropy."

With anyone else I would have to explain. But he understands with that word everything I mean from hypothesis to conclusion.

No more time for thinking. The only thing I have to lose in this gamble is myself.

They made me pass over the keys to the car, and I don't know what Judgment needs with a Miata, but they're right: it'd be hard to justify a sports car in my current Role. Besides, there's a fair chance it'll turn up as stolen, and Judgment gets picky about things like that. So Mannie and I end up in the back seat with Dedan, while Nomikos drives. They aren't letting Mannie near any doors, which I can't blame them for, but it means he's stuck between me and a Cherub.

Dedan does all of his questioning leaning in front of Mannie, and Adala mostly takes notes, and Mannie? He doesn't say anything, except when they ask him to clarify some statement of mine, which isn't often. They have a lot of questions, and I do my best to explain what I've been doing of late, so far as I can. Some of my decisions don't sound as reasonable now as they did when I made them.

Finally the car rumbles to a stop in a gravel driveway. We're out in the middle of nowhere, so far from city lights I can make out thousands of individual stars overhead. I climb out of the car, and it's a lovely thing to be able to stretch my legs. I hate riding around with someone else doing the driving; it makes my toes itch to just sit there, especially in such a cramped space. I'm on the short side for a human, but Mannie's tall and Dedan's vessel is broad. "Where's this?"

"A safe place," Nomikos says. He stands beside me, and Dedan's at the other door, and I realize they're making sure Mannie doesn't try to run for it now that the car's stopped. The Lilim wouldn't do that, and it annoys me that they think so little of his promises, but... they don't know him. As far as they're concerned, he's a Renegade demon who's agreed to be cooperative when faced with overwhelming numbers and no exit. They'll come around once they get to know him. "Not a Tether, but a place to wait for a few hours while we arrange things."

"Arrangements?" I'm not sure I like the sound of that.

"How to get you back home in an inconspicuous manner. What to do with him," Nomikos says. Mannie's gotten out of the car over by Dedan, and even when it's this dark I can see he's wearing his blank face. He doesn't know how to deal with the triad any more than they know how to deal with him, and they're the ones with the numbers on their side. "Come on. Let's get inside."

The house we step into is old, unlit, locked. There's an incongruously modern keypad on the door, where Nomikos punches in a code. He doesn't turn on any lights until everyone is inside and the door is closed behind us.

This place reminds me of the safehouse Jack and Kelly were at, but far more tidy. It has the look of a place where people stop by, but don't live. I've been in motels with more personality. "We have questions for you," Adala says to Mannie, and then she and Nomikos lead him away into some other room, for whatever sort of conversation Judgment has with cooperative demons who want to redeem. I hope they won't be stern at him; he's had a few really rough weeks.

Dedan pats my shoulder, once the two of us are alone. "We were worried," he says, in the way that means he was worried. "Here we were thinking you had a safe Role that could last for decades, and we show up to find you've run off with a pack of Windies. And with a demon. You need to spend more time thinking about things before acting on an impulse, or even a request from a friend."

I lean up against him and wrap my arms around him. Cherubim are comforting to hug in any of their forms. "I'm not so good with the thinking, Dedan. I'm more about the doing. And it did seem like the right thing to do. I still think it was, even if I should have left a note."

He pats me on the back, the awkward reaction of a Judge who isn't used to being hugged. I get that from them. "Kai, we appreciate that you mean well. But you're too trusting. He's a demon, and from what you've told me, a powerful one. The things he's done--"

"Don't matter, if he means to redeem." Dedan frowns above me, and I step back so I can look him in the face properly. "Look, I know that you have to think about... what's fair, and just, and punishment and rewards as appropriate. But I'm not Judgment, and I don't think that way. What's wrong with a little mercy, or grace? Anything that's been done is done, and can't be undone. But giving someone a chance to redeem is..." I sigh. I don't have the skills to express this. "He can't make up for anything he's done unless he gets a chance to try, right?"

Dedan shakes his head. "You'd give the benefit of the doubt and a chance to repent to Lucifer himself, wouldn't you?"

"If he asked for it. I don't think he would. But Mannie did."

"He's a Lilim, Kai. That sort... doesn't often try for redemption. And of those who do, not all survive."

"So it speaks all the better of him that he's willing to take the risk, doesn't it?"

Dedan sits down on a sagging couch. "Kai," he says, and I sit beside him instead of pacing because I can tell he's trying to say something he thinks is important, "I just... don't want you to be hurt. If what you want to believe doesn't turn out to be true. You keep believing such... such optimistic things."

"I'd rather live with disappointment than go around thinking everything's going to collapse." I pat him on the knee. "Don't worry about me, Dedan. I may not be the brightest angel out there, but I can usually take care of myself. Mind, I really appreciated you three showing up when you did. If the Boss hadn't been able to spare the time to help, we would have been in serious trouble." I glance at the door the others disappeared through. "Is that what they're asking him about? The Boss was Kyrioing my vessel, so I wasn't there to see what happened." It could hurt, but there's a card in the pocket of my jeans to remind me that the Boss cares, and so it's only... disappointing, maybe. That I couldn't see him myself. But of the two of us, Mannie's the one who needed to see an Archangel in action.

"That, and other matters." Dedan stands up, so now I can stand up too, and do a cartwheel across the room we're in. It's a sort of living room entryway, and only big enough for one. "Deciding how to proceed is complicated--"

"Not at all! Find a Tether of Lightning that's willing to look after him until he's calmed down, and there you go."

"...a Tether of Lightning?"

I balance on my hands and take a few steps there, all the world upside-down for me to look at from a different angle. "Of course. He used to work for Vapula, and he's a scientist at heart. Who else but Jean would know what to do with him? Point him in the right direction and he'll do good work, I'm sure of it. I could see him working in the techier aspects of Creation too, but the Boss didn't choose to enlist Mannie while the two of them were together, so Lightning it is. That's my take on it. He might have a better idea."

"It is... not a bad idea. I'll suggest it to them." Dedan moves over to the door, steps inside. I'm on my feet and following him inside before he can close the door again. Probably not what he meant for me to do, but I'm starting to get concerned about Mannie being stuck in a room with strangers for so long. "Adala, Kai was suggesting--" Dedan stops once he realizes I'm right behind him. "Kai, if you could excuse us--"

"Sure," I say, and grab Mannie's arm. He's gone so blank it means I'm way overdue on stepping in, and I don't like the way he's sitting in that chair. Always a bad sign when he starts trying to make himself look smaller. "I'll let you guys get right on that discussion. Hey, Mannie, let's check out the kitchen."

"I don't think--" Nomikos begins, but I roll my eyes at him.

"I'm not going to run off in the night. But he needs a break from getting stared at by Judgment, and I bet you three have stuff to talk about that you'd rather us not be in on. Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him." I drag Mannie out of the room with both my arms wrapped around one of his, kick the door shut behind us, and grin up at him. "I thought you could use some rescuing."

"Possibly." He's still blank. So I drag him away from that door before anyone in the triad changes their mind, and upstairs to a dark wood-paneled hallway. I find a light switch. The lights are old, dim, and all the darker for the windows being covered with heavy curtains. I try handles along the hallway until I find one that opens, and then it's inside to a bedroom with boarded-up windows. The light in this one flickers, but it's enough to see by, so I kick this door shut, and let go of him.

"There you go. Two doors, a staircase, a hallway, and a room between you and the triad. Feeling better?"

He shrugs. Sits down on the bed. "Only surprised that I'm still alive." His hands are trembling, and I think it means that he's letting go of whatever has kept him blank and functional during the questioning. "I... don't know what happens next."

"What happens next is they take you to a Tether of Lightning, if they have any sense at all, which they do." I drop cross-legged to the floor in front of him. I'd rather keep moving, but he needs something to look at that's familiar. "Then the nice angels there get you some much needed therapy until you're able to deal with the concept of redemption, and then they call Jean, he shows up and, wham, you're an angel. That's how it works."

He manages a smile. "The way you think is strange, Kai, but comforting. Perhaps too optimistic."

"Yeah, Dedan said the same thing. But look at what we've done so far. Picked up that artifact you were looking for, dodged the Game all the way up to meeting my Boss, and here you are now."

"With a triad downstairs."

"They're not going to hurt you, Mannie. They don't trust you yet, not by a long shot, and they're going to ask questions and keep you close and probably do some glaring, but no one is going to hurt you." I wouldn't let them, not that they'd try. "It's Judgment, Mannie, not the Game."

His smile has gone crooked. "I'm not sure I'm ready to be Judged. I don't have much of a position to work out a plea bargain from."

"So it's a good thing they'll drop you off with Lightning. Lightning isn't judgmental, it's practical." I leap to my feet, more than tired of sitting still. "Do you trust me?"

"I... ah. Yes. I suppose I do." Not the most rousing vote of confidence, but it's more than enough, coming from him.

"Then believe me. They're not going to hurt you. This will turn out well." He doesn't look convinced, though he's not arguing with me. I sigh. "You need to relax. I'd take you for a drive, except that they'd freak if I ran off with you in the car. Besides, I never learned how to hot wire something, and I think Nomikos has the keys. I don't suppose you'd settle for a quick race around the house?"

"...er," he says. "Not quite what I had in mind."

"So what did you have in mind?" I take a quick spin, wishing for my motorcycle back, but I'll have a chance to ride it again soon. Too bad there aren't any Lightning Tethers near where I work; I'd love to take him on a ride. Not so fast as the Miata, but motorcycles are intensely personal in a way cars aren't. "They'll be talking for a while yet, and it's not like I have anything better to do than entertain you. I'm open to suggestions."

"Only one suggestion," he says, and puts one hand on my wrist, pulls me towards him, and kisses me.

Which surprises me more than it really should, now that I consider recent events.

That's all, just the one kiss, and he pulls back to watch me, hesitant-looking, like someone who's done a set of steps and isn't sure if everything was performed correctly. Doubt and uncertainty seldom make for a relaxing experience, so I lean back in and kiss him back. Now that I know what he has in mind, it's easy enough to let myself be pulled over onto his lap, and he's an awfully good kisser for a scientist. I haven't done much of this to compare it with, but I have no complaints.

One of his hands has found its way to the back of my head, holding me close in a way that reminds me of Dedan ruffling my hair when he speaks kindly to me. Mannie pulls back for a moment, though he's not going far when I have both my arms around him. "You don't mind--"

"Do I look like I'm minding?" A quick kiss to the place beneath his chin, because I'd rather keep him distracted than worrying. "So the car was a come-on."

"Well. To some extent. It's not like I could bring you an opera house..." He's busy talking, so I concern myself with pulling off his jacket, and then working my way down the buttons in his shirt. I usually wear T-shirts, but I think I could learn to like shirts with buttons. All the little pieces to fiddle with. "They're not portable, and while one could design an inflatable opera house, the acoustics would be dreadful. I'm not sure how much that matters for ballet, though. Is there singing in ballet?" I think I've managed to get his mind off of the triad downstairs, if he's talking like this.

"Not generally," I say, "but sometimes there's ballet in opera." And it's not fair if he's going to start kissing me again when it's my turn to talk, but I think I can work with this level of unfairness, so I concentrate on pushing my shoes off, one foot against the other, while he becomes very distracting with his mouth.

It takes some effort to get his shirt off, because he has one hand at the back of my head and the other wrapped around my waist, and isn't much inclined to move either, but I finesse the sleeves down past his wrists, and just as I finish he slides back, rolls over, and I'm flat on my back beneath him on the bed. And then he stops, hovering over me with the most peculiar expression on his face. "You're quite sure you're an angel..."

"Never been anything else," I say, and pull off my own shirt, because he isn't getting around to it himself quickly enough for my taste. It's clumsy to manage while I'm on my back like this, but he finally clues in enough to help me, and tosses my shirt off the bed somewhere onto the floor. "What's bothering you?"

"You're sure you're, ah. Allowed to do this?" It's ridiculously sweet, that he's suddenly worried about me, like the Boss is going to show up and shake a finger at me for this distraction.

"Mannie, my Boss is not going to throw a fuss. It's a Rite of Creation, if not one I've ever tried before." Though I've gotten enough description and theory from friends to think I can work this out. "So stop stressing over it. We're trying to help you relax, right?"

"I was more thinking of what your triad would--" He stops. Blinks at me. "You've never done this before. And you work for Creation."

"Creation's a big Word. Lots of room for variation. Just didn't come up." I spread my legs wider until he's lying between them. "But I'm sure I can follow your lead. Unless you just wanted to chat--"

The way he's kissing me suggests that's not what he had in mind. Good. I'd kinda like to find out what it is that everyone else keeps saying is so great about sex. So far, it's better than hugs, and I'll admit I like the focus. He's paying attention to me and no one else, and if I can work at it, maybe I can make him feel better about this whole marvelous mess he's in.

I do a fair amount of kissing back, and find that there's something weirdly comfortable about lying here like this with him on top of me, so long as I keep up the activity on my part. It could feel like being trapped, but it... doesn't. It's like knowing your friends are watching your back, or when someone stops and really listens. Even when his knees move and my legs are pinned this is... fine. It's just fine. My hands keep moving, I'm still moving, and everything here is fine.

Mannie props himself up on his elbows, staring down at me. I enjoy it when he looks at me like that, like I'm the only person in the room. Okay, so I am the only other person in the room, but there are oceans of difference between a casual glance and that look. I couldn't spend forever like this, not with so much to do, but it's like the last moment of a performance, when all the story's been told and you can breathe out in that one final move. "What did I ever do to deserve you?" he asks.

"You and Judges. Always with the deserving of things." I can't sit up far enough to kiss him from this position, so I settle for poking him in the chest. "Are you going to help me figure out how to do this, or do I need to work from hearsay and theory?"

"Should've written up a flowchart," Mannie says, and settles back down on top of me. He frowns, and reaches for a pocket. "Actually, while you were driving, I--"

"No flowcharts," I say, and pull his hand back away from the pocket. "I know you and your diagrams, and we're never going to get anywhere if you go scientific about it. You have an Ofanite here. Patience is not what we're known for."

"Point taken." And now that hand is at the back of my head, right where I like it. The thought occurs to me that my triad might disapprove, but I did say I'd keep an eye on him, and he's definitely not going anywhere without my noticing.

The kissing progresses nicely, but I recall, from what I've been told and spotty evidence from various books, that it's considered appropriate to do things which require less clothing. So I let him keep on with the kissing, because he seems to be enjoying it and I'm happy to accept it, while I start working on his pants. Buttons and zippers are tricky from this position, especially since he doesn't seem inclined to let go, but I can work with this. And then once that's started on, I switch to a different hand and start getting my own pants off.

When people described sex to me, they never told me how complicated the whole business of clothing becomes. I wonder if it's standard to take off all the clothing before getting started? I'll have to ask someone, the next time the subject comes up. I think I'm doing a reasonably good job, and that's two sets of pants begun on. Some of the positions I've heard about will require no pants at all, though, so I pull away from Mannie for a moment to say, "Pants."

"...pants?"

"Yeah. I'm led to believe we need to get them off to continue, and I can't do that from here."

"Ah. Correct." Mannie sits up, glances at the bedspread. "I'd worry more about the mess I intend to make if this house didn't belong to Judgment. They can cope." With his assistance we get the both of us out of remaining clothing quickly enough to even satisfy an Ofanite's taste for how things ought to be done.

Now that we're moving more, Mannie decides to toss in more variety, because his kisses move from my mouth to chin, neck, chest, all the way down to my navel, which I'd formerly considered a useless bit of decoration but I'm now becoming fond of. I've worn this vessel for decades, and I thought I'd worked out every bit of how to use it, head to toes, but it seems I managed to skip a step or two. "Hey," I say, "let me try that."

He raises his head. "Try what?"

"What you're doing." One brief motion to pull out from under him, push him down on his back instead, and try the exact same move. Lips, chin, bit under the neck, neck, top of the shoulders, chest, all the way down to about where he stopped, and I think the way his legs give a little twitch beneath me means that I'm doing something right. Kissing gets repetitive on its own, so on the way back up the same path I figure out what I can do with tongue, lips, and a touch of teeth right at the top of his neck. If I'm doing this wrong, he's being nice enough to not tell me. At the end of the run I give him a proper kiss again, and say, "That working for you?"

"Yes." There's a trace of hiss to what he says, I think in a good way. There's something weirdly comfortable about lying here on top of him, and maybe sleeping once in a while wouldn't be so bad if I were doing it curled up against someone like this. Not that I have any intention of sleeping when I have a new type of dancing to try out. I'm not sure what dance this is -- ballet is right out, and interpretative dance calls for a fancier premise, or at least music -- but it's not that different from dancing. Must be one of the steps that requires a partner.

And, hey, dancing is what I do. So I get back to the dance working out the steps as I go along, mouth on skin to see what makes him move beneath me, and I wonder if anyone's ever tried choreographing sex? You'd have to work out how to annotate all the variations on the moves, test the given piece of choreography, and trying to teach it would be complicated. I'll have to ask someone else who works for the Boss if it's been done.

Pacing is even more fun with my mouth than it is with my feet, and I'm starting to get this particular circuit down when Mannie shifts beneath me, when two hands catch me and pull me back up to a more face-to-face position. "Am I doing something wrong?" I ask, because this isn't my area of expertise.

"No, not at all." He kisses me again, and I think he's starting to use that as punctuation. Now that's one way to keep a dialogue engaging. "But I would like to try a few other things so long as I have the chance. Preferably before any of the, ah, any of your friends come looking for us."

I'd point out that I've heard more than two can participate in this sort of dance, but I don't think Mannie would appreciate it. Besides, much as I like my triad, it's true that Judgment can get twitchy about things like this. "True enough. What's next?"

"You would ask that." He sits up again, pulls me forward until I'm in his lap. I take the opportunity to wrap my legs around him, push him a little away from the headboard on this bed until there's room for my legs back there. "I didn't expect to have to explain things, when I, ah, imagined this." A wry smile, just for me. "In my imagination the lighting was better, the surroundings higher class, and I'm sure there was no triad downstairs."

"It's weird how things work out, sometimes." I like the way he shivers when I nip his shoulder, not hard, only letting him know I'm there. "Sorry I don't know how to do things yet--"

"Don't apologize, I'm not, ah, criticizing. It only makes things... different." His fingers trace a path down my spine, back up again. "I would ask you what wanted, but I don't think any answer I got out of you would be useful."

"Whatever you want, Mannie." My chin fits right over his shoulder, reminds me of the first time I ever went riding on a motorcycle with Jack in front of me, trying to explain how everything worked over the noise of traffic and motorcycle engine and wind, and me wrapped tight to him half terrified of falling off such a strange machine, and overjoyed with how fast it would take the two of us. I'd like to take Mannie out on my bike some time, see how he likes speed when it's not two seats in a car but a single straight line to ride on, two wheels in perfect motion. There must be some way to combine sex with speed, though I can't think of it yet. That's something to ask Jack and Kelly about the next time I see them.

"See, I knew you were going to say something like that. It is," he says, one hand playing with my hair and the other still on my spine while I work my mouth against his shoulder, "entirely unhelpful." A hiss of breath when I nip. I must be doing something right. "This would be simpler if your vessel were female, as that makes for more obvious approaches."

"You're making it too complicated." I put one hand on each of his shoulders, lean back to stare at the flickering light in the ceiling. Sudden space between us where there wasn't before, and I'll leave it there for a moment. "It's simple. Figure out what you want to do. Let me know what to do if I'm not doing it yet. And we go from there."

One arm brings me back to his chest, so I drop my chin over his shoulder again. Knew he was going to do that. Space was made beautiful for a moment in knowing it would disappear. Someone needs to show him how things become beautiful, and how to make them so. "I have one chance to make you happy," he says, and his voice has this strange confusion, I don't know why. I'm being as clear as I can. "I want to do it right."

Poor Mannie. For all his smarts, sometimes he just doesn't get it. I kiss the spot at the side of his neck, where his jacket collar would cover. "If you're happy, I'm happy."

"You really mean it."

"Wouldn't say it if I didn't." He needs to spend more time around angels. And he needs to hurry up, if he doesn't want to get interrupted by Judgment. "So. I'm curious. I'm impatient."

"You're an Ofanite."

"Yeah, pretty much the same thing. Going to satisfy my curiosity?" Both his hands behind me, digging into muscles from shoulders to the small of my back, and it's a lovely feeling, but I've had plenty of back rubs before. "If you're not up for it I could go ask my triad to explain how this is supposed to work." That's enough to surprise a laugh out of him. I grin over his shoulder where he can't see it, and try for my most innocent voice. "Think they'd go for it?"

Down on my back on the bed, wrong way around with the pillows beneath my feet, giggling at Mannie's expression. "You are utterly mad," he says, at plants a bite at my throat, nice little bite like I've never felt before, "but apparently, so am I."

"All the better. We match." He hasn't let his weight down on me yet, which leaves me enough room to shift down here, run the heel of one foot down from his back to his ankles. He hasn't got the build of a professional dancer, but he could move well enough with some training. As long as he's been around, he's bound to have picked up a few waltz steps, and if he's forgotten, I could show him how again.

He's hesitating. One of those strange looks that he used to give me and I could never interpret before, all of them suddenly making a marvelous sense. If I'd known then what I know now... But it wouldn't have been the same. There are demons and there are Lilim and then there's Mannie, who brought me a fast car because he didn't know any other way to ask me to run away with him. And what's he so afraid of now? I don't want to ask that question, so I poke him in the stomach with one foot and say, "Ofanite. Impatient."

"Redundant." All of him on top of all of me, space disappearing again, like the curtain rising on the performance after intermission, time to see that the set's been changed, figure out which characters are ready to speak or dance or sing. For once I don't know what to do with my hands, he's taking care of the lower half of this body, pushes my knees back, runs a tongue down places I never knew could feel this way, but my hands? I don't know what to do with my hands. The bedspread won't let me get a grip on anything, I need to hold onto something now. Entirely unfair that he has plenty to do with hands and mouth and I can't properly reach him, but I did say whatever he wanted, so it's enough to let my legs shift the way he wants them to, and that, I like that, if we have time I want to try it out myself and let him figure out what to do with his hands while I use my tongue in ways I hadn't previously considered.

Just when I think I could live with my fingers scrabbling against the bedspread for as long as he wants to keep that up, he moves back up to kiss me, and it's not that I have an objection to kissing but I liked that. Little bite on his lip, I did say whatever he wants, and he seems happy enough with this, which is good, he could use more happiness in his life. "You had to stop?" Didn't mean to say it, because I wouldn't want him to think I wasn't being honest before.

"Wouldn't want to bore you," he says. One hand collects both of mine, presses my fingers down above my head right at the end of the bed, and I like the way the pupils in his eyes have spread out until his eyes are nearly black. It's more than likely only that the light in here is dim, but I like to think that he's looking at me, and into me, and I wonder what I need right now, that he can see inside me. But I can't think too hard about that because he's left one hand down below where his mouth was before, it slides along damp skin to remind me he hasn't forgotten, didn't forget about that at all.

"I am. So. Not bored. Right now." Strange how I can't keep a full sentence in one piece, and all my sentences are running together in my head, I have never moved so fast before while staying entirely in one place and with him above me, I could stay here a long time.

"Good." One of his fingers slides inside me, and I can't help the quick sharp twitch at that, it's something I've heard about, theory, but I'm learning more than I'd known before about the difference between theory and practice. Makes sense, he's a scientist, he knows about turning theory into something that works, and this? Is working for me. I don't know where my hands would go if he weren't holding them down, and I could push his hand away at any time, but that's not the point, my fingers tangling around his and he isn't looking at me anymore, has this expression like he's... concentrating. Wants to do this right, and I'm happy to help him, could not object to this, little bit of motion all his doing but who would think such a thing could make my body feel like this.

If I were in celestial form, I could wrap myself around him every which way in an endless loop of fire, but there is something beautiful about the limitations of a vessel. All points and limits and hard-soft in strange places, but the restrictions are a form to work with, the edges of the stage, the rhyme and meter of a sonnet. When he moves more of his hand inside there's pain waiting off-stage to play its part, but only a small part, background actors to give the main characters something to work in front of, turn acting and memorized lines into a moment of reality. "Don't stop," I manage to say, lick a line across a bit of his neck that I can reach, salt tang that says he's putting effort into this. I want to say more, about how I'll reciprocate if we get a chance, but speaking has gone all tricky, like my mind is pulling together thoughts in proper order but this body is paying more attention to his actions than my directions.

"But," he says, takes a breath, it occurs to me he's having almost as much trouble speaking as I am, "we've nearly reached. The interesting part." His hand leaves my wrists, unfair again, I was coming up with all sorts of ways to use my fingers inside that palm and along the back of his hand, and when the hand down below pulls out I want that back but. He knows what he's doing. All the buzz in my head starting to subside as he rearranges my legs around him, catches my gaze, and... that smile, it was deliberate. And then.
?So that's what that bit of a male vessel is for.

I might have made some sound, can barely keep track of what I'm doing, strange place to be for an Ofanite, all my body pushing up against his, and him pushing right back. He's given me his hands again, about time, one hand on each of my wrists and his face close enough to mine that I can kiss him the way he's been showing me, and every move down below is reciprocated between our lips. Every move he makes like pushing the pedal down further in that marvelous sports car. Internal acceleration moving along, and does my body have a maximum velocity?

Yes.

Like the first time I crashed my motorcycle, spun off into the air without anything beneath me, and suddenly slow in my mind, the thought, flying in Heaven is never so terrifyingly marvelous as this.

But hitting the ground doesn't hurt nearly so much, here.

Mannie's hands so tight on my wrists that this will leave bruises, he's making that a habit, I'm fine with that, and then, only him lying on top of me, face over mine. He drops a light kiss, nothing more than a touch of his lips, to my forehead, and at that moment I can feel Essence drop into me. It's nice to know that the Boss approves. "I would almost think I was dreaming," he says, "except that the Marches are less... comfortable."

"No dream. Only me." I've found my voice again, somewhere in the aftermath of the crash. "And how are you, now?"

"More, ah, relaxed. Among... other things." He's speaking around whatever it is that he means, but when he's shown me this much tonight, I'm not going to ask for more. Mannie sits up slowly, hands pulling away from my wrists to run one last time across my chest and stomach, and this is the signal to move along, I think. There's only so much time. "And you?"

"Understanding why other Creationers said this was such a great idea. Never understood the concept of corporeal sex before, with all those solid vessels to deal with, but it really is a sonnet."

"Should I even try to understand that?" I'd be happy to do something for him, but he's standing up, collecting clothing from the floor, so I might as well follow. Another time, if I'm lucky. "Your mind works in strange directions, Kai."

"Nah. I'm pretty much straight lines. Wheels down a road." Pants back on, shirt over my head, socks on feet, shoes over socks, like changing out of a costume after the performance. Every play ends, and even the Ring Cycle winds its way down to an end. With his jacket back on, he's all scientist and reserve again, if more rumpled.

Hey. Rumpling. I did that.

Cool.

I stick a hand through my hair, not that it's ever orderly. "Ready to face the triad again?"

"I'd nearly managed to forget them." A slight twitch, nothing like the way he gets when someone talks about his ex-Superior, so I'll take that as a sign of improvement. "I suspect I'm due for a lecture about corrupting the innocent. Though it would, ah, be worth it."

"It's not corruption, Mannie. The Boss wouldn't have made it a Rite if it were."

He blinks at me. "You know, I'd forgotten about that."

"See? Nothing to worry about." The bed's more rumpled than either of us, and maybe a little messy in places where two bodies showed how different vessels are from celestial forms, so I hope Judgment isn't too picky about how clean this place stays. I mean, they're Judgment, not Purity, right?

Well, I can apologize if needed. And remember to pack a towel next time, to accommodate the mess. I leave the room with Mannie behind me, flip off the light switch, and head back to the stairs to see if the triad's figured out what they're doing.

Halfway down the stairs, we meet Dedan walking up. "I was about to start calling," he says. "You weren't in the kitchen. I believe we may all be grateful, mind." Then he stops, and blinks a few times. "Kai..."

"Yes?" He's not the sort to trail off his sentences like that; my triad's not vague, and the Cherub's nearly as direct as Adala. He turns to walk beside me the rest of the way down the stairs, and maybe it's that the whole triad's been chasing me halfway across the country. They're stressed, too. So at the bottom of the stairs I give him a hug, and say, "Something the matter?"

Dedan shakes his head. "Nothing you need to worry about, Kai. We'll take care of things from here."

"That's good. Because I'm not so good with planning of things, after all." Back home to my motorcycle and classes and kids, it's a wonderful thing to consider, even if they won't let me keep the car. I spin around to hug Mannie, who's got a mask on again, but it's not the blank one, just something neutral to get him through meetings with Judgment. "Take care of yourself, okay? And, here." I dig the notepad out from inside his jacket, I should know by now where he keeps it, and one of his pens. "Here's my number. Remember to call."

Mannie takes back notepad, pen, tucks them inside the inner pockets of his jacket. "I'll do that." Carefully neutral tone, in front of someone a stranger to him. I need to find a way to help him relax for longer. Maybe the next time we get together.

"There are other people arriving to handle this," Dedan says, one hand on my shoulder to pull me away. I can't blame him for being protective, and much as I'd like to stay longer, I can't think of anything I'd say to Mannie that hasn't been said. "It's time to go home."

I'm still surprised that what takes the most adjustment is the auditory shift.

Hell is full of noise, except for where an effort has been made to keep things quiet. Demons and damned souls and proto-demons alike create a babble of anger and pain and pleading. Where machinery works, gears grind and clash. When you enter a silent area, the silence is designed to make you nervous, to wonder who's keeping things quiet.

Heaven, in comparison, is easy on the ears.

I leave the door to my office open because there's no harm in doing so. In the hallway two relievers are chattering, quietly because they don't want to bother anyone, but with enough enthusiasm that I can make out bits of the conversation. One is working as lab assistant on a project, and the other wants to know if there's an opening. Further down the hall a clatter of wooden chimes announces that the Seraph whose name I haven't caught yet has opened the door to her office.

I need to see about getting the latest iteration of music-producing device up here, and find a copy of Ride of the Valkyries. I used to play it to drive a Balseraph coworker up the wall; after a few months of that stimulus/result combination, hearing it puts me into a planning mood.

The analysis done, I snap my notebook shut. Computers may be useful in their own way, but there's nothing like paper for real work. The two relievers spring up as I step outside, and the one who was asking about finding a position flutters over hopefully.

I may not be the best for appreciating creatures on an aesthetic level, but relievers are far more pleasant to look at than any of the demonlings I used as lab assistants back in Hell. "Need help with a delivery?" it asks, sparks running along the edges of its butterfly wings.

"If you wouldn't mind." I know civility from a dozen different Roles, a way to fit in better, get what you want out of people, give them what they Need. Here's it's just... civility. A default position. I hand it the report I've written, the handwriting embarrassingly clumsy as I'm still learning the symbols for the language of Heaven. "If you'd take these to Gariel for me--"

"Right on it!"

"Ofanite in training?" I ask, and the other reliever nods. I've finished the last report asked of me, and I don't have anything scheduled for three more hours. "Do you know of any place nearby that serves good coffee?"

Ten minutes later I've followed its directions out of the Halls of Progress to a place where I can see the Bazaar. This is the first chance I've had to get out and explore, and I don't intend to go far. If Hell was a vast place, Heaven is even larger, and less familiar.

They've given me wings, somehow. I'd never heard about getting wings. Gravity is a personal choice here, and if I wanted to I could spread these out, electric blue fractals stretching on either side of me like an electrical current made solid, and fly to where I'm going... But I'm not ready for that. Walking is good enough.

The cafe I've been directed to isn't the largest, but it is on the edge of the bazaar, something I appreciate. I'm not prepared to walk through crowds of souls and celestials, even if everyone here is... blessed, or what not. Too many hints of Shal-Mari, to me. I can picture one of my Sisters up here, trading favors and Geases for others, trying to drive a deal that will bring her a little closer to freedom from debt.

You never get entirely out of debt. It's not how the universe works.

There's a Seraph behind the counter in the cafe, six bright eyes showing how much caffeine is running through his system. Kai would adore this place. "One Essence for the first cup," he says, "but refills are free for as long as you stay. We have over sixty varieties of coffee, plus several personal blends. What would you like to try?"

I'd like to try a little peace of mind. But I don't think they serve that here. "Whatever you'd recommend," I say, and the Seraph is happy to explain why his final selection is something I'll enjoy.

There's a group of Malakim in one corner, so I head for a couch in the opposite corner, set my coffee down on the side table, pull out a notebook. As personal projects go it's nothing grand, but it's my own to work on. I've figured out how to cut the energy intake down to a reasonable level, the sort of thing you could plug into a standard wall outlet, but the acoustics are tricky. I may have to find someone who knows more about the science of music to resolve the corner cases on this thing.

A reliever refills my cup the instant I set it down empty. "He said you might like to try this blend too," it explains, and the new coffee is sharper than before. "Let me know which you prefer!"

Someone who's just met me wants to make me happy. Even though I've already paid. What a strange place this is.

The Mercurian and Cherub in the center of the room argue about free will, and their debate grows loud enough for me to make out tones that are bordering on surly. Theology has never interested me, so I tune them out and go back to working on my project, but the numbers aren't adding up. I'm definitely going to need help from someone who knows acoustics. I knew them better once, but there are... gaps. Little holes in my memory that weren't there before, frayed edges on my skills where I come to something I knew how to do and find I no longer remember how.

It would have felt like cheating, somehow, if redemption hadn't taken something from me. But the loss of that Force hurts, a different sort of ache from when I'd had Forces shredded from me before. Entire years gone missing, though none that I think were very interesting. Things I used to be able to do better.

I'll adjust. I have before.

I pull out the phone they gave me. Compact, silver, and a tiny lightning bolt embedded on the back in blue; someone who put it together had a sense of humor. I'm told this will patch through a central relaying station back on Earth, and let me call anywhere in the world, though they cautioned me about hold times in trying to call long-distance to certain countries. But all I need to get to is Arizona, and this ought to suffice.

Everything has been busy since I got here, with no time to call. Angels of Lightning to work with, others to explain stolen plans to, and regular meetings with Judgment to determine that I'm in no danger of backsliding. I'm not sure how I could backslide; I have no intention of calling in any Geases here in Heaven, and there's no way for me to violate the dissonance conditions of Lightning so long as I'm here. I don't like Judgment; they remind me too much of the Game. But it's in my best interest to cooperate, even if they keep looking at me like I'm about to run back to Earth if not supervised.

Kai would say that they were concerned for me, and doing their best to help. I could use a touch of that attitude before my next meeting. We're supposed to discuss a project I worked on before, and it will be... uncomfortable. To explain everything involved in that project.

The phone rings on the other end seven times, and finally voicemail picks up. It's only the default greeting; I wouldn't be surprised if he never figured out how to check messages or change the greeting.

I check my watch, kept matched with Arizona time. Three in the morning where he is, and he's not at home? But he has other friends, and other things to work on. For all I know he's out somewhere convincing a Balseraph of the error of his ways, or hugging strippers who used to be his students. No doubt when he called the Tether I'd been staying at, they told him everything had gone well, and not to worry.

The third cup of coffee is the best.

Another day of meetings and projects and assignments, the first meeting less painful than I expected. Time blurs together here unless I check my watch. Back in Tartarus there were giant clocks set up in the laboratories, and then later bright red LEDs, displaying a countdown to deadline. Inspiring, in their own way, when trying to come up with something, anything that could be conceivably presented as a result. A Seraph of Judgment stops by to ask me more questions about former activities, future plans, the likelihood of my acquiring any dissonance. Politely-worded questions to figure out if I intend to contact former colleagues. No, a thousand times no: I loathed nearly everyone I ever had to work with, nothing but incompetents and competition, each worse than the other. It irritates me that they'd ask. Surely they've dealt with redemption cases before. Did anyone in Vapula's organization like anyone else? If so, I never saw it. Every other demon was someone who could screw you over, whether by accident or design.

I call again, and it's still the voicemail. I have bad timing; I'll blame the loss of a Force and keep trying later. But it's time for another meeting, this one on a project I never interacted with directly, heard about only from others. But every trace of information I can provide, flawed or not, is something they can use.

At least I'm being useful.

Another day. Another visit from Judgment. I ask the Elohite they've sent if they keep such close tabs on every newly-redeemed angel, and he politely steps around the question. I don't know why they're so worried; I'm safely in Heaven surrounded by a thousand good influences, working on projects assigned to me by an Archangel. My immediate supervisor says I'm doing excellent work, especially considering the gaps in my skills. You'd think they'd have better things to do with their time.

Yet another analysis of stolen schematics finished, and I've nearly gone stiff from hunching over my desk, if such a thing is possible in this form. I stretch, and my wings spread out until they touch the walls, sending up sparks where they meet. I may never get used to having these on my back, but I could grow to enjoy them. They give me a certain sense of... I don't know how to name it. I'd call it belonging, but I haven't seen another redeemed Lilim yet. But they mean I'm something different than I used to be.

Far more useful than horns.

It's six in the morning where Kai lives. Even a night of demon-hunting or partying should send him home by now. But I only get voicemail again, which... does bother me. Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, three times is enemy action.

And if Jack's dragged poor little Kai off into some other wild scheme, just when the kid's finally had a chance to settle back into his assigned routine, I am going to... well. Not hurt him. Have stern words with him, at least. Assuming I could find him.

Windies aren't the sort to ask after the whereabouts of someone. The one Seraph of Lightning that I know Kai is friends with is stationed on Earth, and I don't have his phone number. There's that one Kyriotate who was another redemption case -- but, no, it wouldn't be keeping close contact from halfway across the state.

I do know who would be keeping track of Kai, though, so I let my supervisor know I need to take an hour or two for a personal matter, and trudge on over to the Celestial Tribunal. Not my idea of a pleasant way to spend a few hours, but it's the most likely place to find who I need.

A Malakite at one of the entrances nods to me, more politely than I'd expected. "How may I help you, Gifter?"

"...er?"

His expression changes to something near embarrassment. "It's the proper term, isn't it? I asked before I was assigned to this position, just in case. Hadn't had a chance to use it before, though, so it's possible I got it wrong." And his lips start moving as he reviews the titles in his head.

"...ah! No, I'm... sure that's the correct title." Gifter. What a strange name. I don't have anything to give these days except my skills, but I'm doing what I can. He looks as if he's about to apologize again, and I don't want to be stuck here all day reassuring what seems to be a young Malakite. "I'm looking for someone, if you could help me find -- well, any of three people, though they're likely to be together. A triad of Judgment, so this seemed the best place to look."

"Ah. Certainly! I shouldn't leave my post, but I can point you towards where they might be. Do you know their names?"

"Dedan, Adala, and..." I can't remember the third name. It makes me want to howl, sometimes, when I find recent things have slipped. I could lose most of the eighteenth century without minding much, but I don't want to lose anything of the time I spent running from the Game. Too many things that mattered happened then. "I'm afraid I've forgotten the third, but he was a Malakite."

"I don't know them myself, but if you go on to the information desk inside, they'd be able to help you there."

"Thank you."

"It's my pleasure to serve."

He really means it. That's what keeps throwing me off here; when people say things like "thank you" or "you're welcome" or even "excuse me", they honestly mean it.

A Seraph at the information desk, coiling over smooth marble floors. She blinks two sets of eyes as I approach. "May I assist you?"

"Yes. I'm looking for a triad, or any of the members of it. Adala, Dedan, and a third whose name I don't recall, a Malakite. Could you tell me where I might find them?"

"The reason for your request?"

I don't think this one would settle for "It's personal," much as I'd prefer to give that answer. "I'm looking for a friend, and I think they would know where he is."

"The details of triad investigations are confidential. Do you have proper authorization?"

"He isn't -- I'm not trying to find out information about any investigations. I just want to know if he's in trouble." Which doesn't convey what I mean at all. It's so much easier to be direct when one can be rude. "I mean, I'm concerned for him, and I'm hoping they would be able to tell me if he's safe."

"All information about triad investigations is confidential. Do you have--"

"No, I just..." A quick breath to settle my nerves. Judgment jangles me badly enough when they're being reasonable, but it'll do me no good to lose my temper and make a scene here. "If I wanted to leave a question for them, that they could answer at their discretion, how would I go about doing so?"

"If you leave a message here, it will be forwarded to the appropriate parties in due time."

I can only hope that "in due time" doesn't involve tossing the note into a wastebasket and trusting the will of God to pull it out and deliver it, should it be important. I scribble out a note with the two names I know, doing my best to remain... polite. I am asking them for information they're not obliged to give me.

Zif is waiting for me in the office, examining the papers still spread across my desk. In celestial form she's a quagga with striped wings, as even-faced as in her vessel. They've been extinct for over a century now, gone the way of all the species that managed to be useful enough to humanity to be used up, and not useful enough to be preserved. She sets aside a sheet of paper. "Wouldn't it be more efficient to keep your notes on a computer?"

"I'm more comfortable with paper. I find it easier to organize my thoughts when I have something to hold."

She finds it an acceptable answer, and moves aside. "You seem troubled."

"You're sure you're not an Elohite with an unusual furry exterior?"

"Quite."

"Ah. That settles that question, then." The office chair they gave me is standard issue, ergonomically designed and quite comfortable. I sit down and fold my hands on my lap. "What brings you here today?"

"I've come to see how you're doing. You've gone through the most extreme change possible to any celestial being, complete with a shift in environment, working conditions, and surrounding people. Even positive changes can be stressful. How are you holding up?"

"Better than I'd feared. Worse than I'd hoped." I feel as if I ought to be lying down on a couch for conversations like this. "Is that sufficiently vague, or shall I avoid the question in more detail?"

She actually smiles, though it's a small twitch of the lips. "No, that provides me with enough information to work with. What's troubling you currently? Have you encountered hostility when moving in areas outside the Halls of Progress?"

"Not noticeably." A few pointed looks, the occasional icy tone over someone's response to my questions. I could wish for a more welcoming reception, but I have no reason to expect one, and the people I work with directly are pleasant enough, if occasionally hesitant to give me the details I want. After needing to invoke Geases just to get a straight answer and minimal cooperation from people I was supposed to be coordinating with, this is hardly something to complain about. "I am concerned for Kai, though. He hasn't answered his phone the last three times I've called. Have you heard from him back at the Tether?"

"Only once, when we passed on the news that you had redeemed. He has no reason to call us now that you're no longer living there." One ear folds itself back on her head, body language I can't properly read. "This could be cause for concern, or it could only be the sign of a Servitor of Eli who finds himself easily distracted by other goals. If it would ease your mind, I will ask someone who lives nearby to look into the matter."

"I'd appreciate that." I would pay for that, though I haven't much to pay with these days. "I worry that someone from the Game will hold a grudge. Especially those who were, ah, covered in toffee."

"I was informed of that," she says. "Hardly the most efficient way to deal with hostilities, but appropriate for the Word."

I thought it was dreadfully funny, once I stopped being terrified about someone else running around in my friend's vessel. "Was there anything else you wanted to discuss?"

"No," she says. "Thank you for the time."

"My pleasure."

She leaves the door open on the way out, but no one else steps in to bother me until I'm nearly finished with a tricky bit of planning for a way to reduce the energy consumption of a prototype by at least fifty percent. Small items that require an entire generator on a cart for operation make for poor field test results.

The first sign of a new person in the office is when I'm caught up in the embrace of someone several centimeters shorter than I am, humanoid with a silver aura and glittering golden wings. I'm not used to being hugged by strangers, and it takes a moment for me to shift my thought processes from power management to complete confusion.

"It is so good to finally meet you!" She lets go of me, takes a step back, looks me up and down. "Nice, very nice. Can I see the wings?"

"...er?" It's a reasonable enough request, so I spread them out, and she claps her hands.

"Fractals! Sophie is going to love it, you know, she said a Sparky would end up with fractals or circuitry, and she was entirely right. I was betting on circuitry myself, but I suppose that's more an Elohim sort of mindset than Lilim, isn't it?" Another close hug. "Everyone is looking forward to meeting you. Come on!"

"...er?"

"The rest of the Choir." She drags me out of the office by one hand, and I see that her feet aren't bothering to touch the floor. "I know, there's not really enough of us to call a Choir as such, it's more like a reunion tour where half the members have already died off, but there's at least four of us getting together to welcome you to Heaven properly, five if Sadira has time to stop by. I wish someone had told me earlier, or we could have caught Delen before she went back to Earth. Plus there are some of us I've never met, and this would be a great excuse to call them in, if they'd answer email--"

"I'm working on--"

"Don't worry, I already checked with your supervisor before stopping by your office, and he said it was a marvelous idea, you can't spend all your time on work or your head will swell up with numbers and explode like a dandelion. Poof! So, even objectively speaking, this is a good idea."

It's not like I can argue with that.

I knew, in theory, that there were other Bright Lilim in Heaven. Both before and after redemption I was assured that this had been done successfully before, that I was not a unique case, that these things did, on rare occasions, happen. But I filed it away with things like the Higher Heavens, a plausible theory I didn't expect to see in practice. Now here's one dragging me along, bubbling in an excellent imitation of certain other Lilim I knew who wished to seem cute and non-threatening, but this is no imitation, only... the way she is.

I hope not all of them are quite this... perky.

"So. Ah. Who do you work for?" A safe enough question around here, where no one looks nervously over their shoulder before answering it.

"Marc, though I'm currently on loan to the Sword for a bit. What did you think of Laurence?" We're heading towards the Bazaar, unsurprisingly. She hasn't stopped smiling since I first saw her. Typical for Heaven, but unnerving on a Lilim, even a Bright one.

"I haven't met him yet."

"Really? That's a surprise. He usually wants to talk to all the Bright Lilim as soon as possible. He's so adorable."

"...adorable?" Not the first word I would have chosen to apply to the Commander of the Host, a Malakite and member of the War faction.

"Mm. Yes. The black feathers, and the way he talks, and he stands up so straight and, oh, you'll have to see it for yourself."

"I've been busy..."

She rolls her eyes at that, and pulls him closer with her arm hooked into mine until we're walking side by side. "Of course, you're working for Jean. Doesn't anyone over there ever stop to have fun?"

"Work /is/ fun." I have reasonable deadlines. Clear objectives. A supervisor who won't make me take a fall for his mistakes. What more could I ask for?

"Ha! You're a Sparky through and through. It's not something I would have imagined a Sister as, you know. Trade, Creation, Dreams, Flowers... but Lightning?"

"I... like electricity."

"Hey, don't get me wrong, I'm thrilled that you're fitting in so well there! Plenty of room for variation in all the Daughters, you know? It's just not what I would have suspected. And of course cooped up in your office none of us saw you to say hi, wouldn't have even known you were here if Lin hadn't heard it from a Judge she's been trying to flirt with lately. I think it's a lost cause, he's too wrapped up in his duty to even notice her attempts, but it can't hurt to try, right?"

Flirting with a Servitor of Judgment. The mind boggles. Well, my mind boggles; apparently she finds this normal behavior from a Bright Lilim. Not for the first time, it occurs to me that I don't fit into my Band -- ah, Choir -- dreadfully well. "I... suppose not, no."

"It's a little more crowded, further in," she says. "Oh! I completely forgot, sorry. I'm Daane. Have you chosen a new name yet? If you wanted to, that is, I know that some prefer to keep the name that Mother gave them."

"You can call me Mannie." I have no great love for the name I was given, but it seems inappropriate to toss it off without fanfare. Though I suppose redemption is fanfare enough... Still, I'll wait to change it until I've come up with something better.

"Let's fly the rest of the way," Daane says, and spreads her wings out, letting them catch the light in a thousand sparkles. "Now there's something I never get tired of. Come on!"

If my supervisor says this is a good idea, far be it from me to contradict him. But flying is... odd. I'm used to the stability of a solid floor beneath my feet, measured steps, and... wings. What am I supposed to do with wings?

This will take some getting used to.

I keep up a sedate pace for fear of doing something embarrassing; Daane flies ahead and around and beside me, giving me steady chatter on how nice it is to meet a new Bright. The way she refers to me makes me sound as if I'm a child, which would rankle if she didn't mean it so kindly. I suppose by angelic standards I'm barely more than a fledgling, and with less experience in the workings of Heaven than a reliever who's had a few decades to grow.

We end in a room tucked away inside Marc's Tower, one with a very large open window for easy access. Inside four other Brights, all... smiling. Five Lilim enjoying talking to each other, without the faintest hint of twisty scheming in sight. They even have tea. And cookies.

There's something surreal about all of this.

We land, Daane more neatly than I can manage, but at least I don't trip on the windowsill. "Practically had to drag him away from his work," she says, laughing. "But here he is. Everyone, meet Mannie. Mannie, meet... well, everyone. Oo! Are those chocolate chip?"

"Sadira," says one, and she hugs me. I can get used to this. Really. It will stop making me twitch... oh, the tenth or twelfth time it happens, probably. "Of Dreams, and very glad to see you." She runs a hand along one of my wings, and it twitches as I do. "So I was right. Lovely patterns, those. Very reminiscent of lightning. I hope they're treating you well over there?"

"Yes, just fine--" Another hug, another Bright Lilim.

"I'm Lin," she says, "Servitor of Novalis." A step back for another one of those appraising looks. "You should stop by the Glade some time. They'll work you to exhaustion over there if you let them."

"No, really, I quite enjoy my work." I'm almost prepared for the next hug, though it's an enthusiastic one that tries to squeeze the breath from me.

"The name's Cory, good to meet you, wings are lovely, so on and so forth, and why didn't anyone let us know you were here? Another week and I'd be down on Earth again no more the wiser. There ought to be, I don't know, a mailing list or something. Of course, I'm not sure who'd be responsible for administrating that." She's as tall as I am, with a nose like a hawk's. Not a fluffy sort, even if she is smiling as much as the rest. "But, hey, you're a Sparky, maybe you could set up something like that?"

"...maybe?"

The last Bright Lilim does not, to my relief, hug me. Instead she stands up and curtsies, holding a spiderweb skirt out... properly. I haven't seen a gesture that formal in decades. "Kavita," she says, "Bright Lilim of Creation, and happy to see you here." Her smile is more reserved than that of the others, and she sits down again afterwards, hands in her lap. "Currently in service to Trade, until..." She makes a small motion with her hand. "Tea?"

"Yes. Thank you." They've left me an open chair by the window; I take the unspoken invitation and sit down. "I, ah, didn't quite expect this sort of welcoming."

"Some angels don't understand," Daane says, "and it can be hard at first. There's no real context for you to work with, no well-known opposite number to have encountered before and remember... So we're here to give you what help we can."

"If any of the, well, more aggressive types start hassling you," says the one with butterfly wings, Lin, "let me know, and I'll see if I can help smooth things over? They don't mean harm by it, but some people have trouble working through old prejudices, or dealing with the unknown."

"And if they continue, I can smack them for you," says Cory brightly. "Oh, Lin, don't look at me like that, it's not like I would -- okay, I'd speak sternly to them, is that better? Right. Well. Or challenge them to a duel, it's not like we don't have -- fine! Talking! Only talking! Please don't start sniffling, it's embarrassing when you -- I mean, I agreed, only talking. Really." She leans over to me and mutters, "It's so hard to deal with Flowerchildren."

"...ah?" I seem to have run out of useful words. So I have a cookie. And tea. Quite good tea. The teacups are shaped like individual flowers, more delicately done than anything of the like that I've seen on Earth or in Hell.

Naturally -- or as naturally as anything can occur, when put in the context of six Bright Lilim sitting in a room with tea and cookies -- the topic of conversation swings to redemption.

"It's like opening your eyes for the first time, when you never knew there was such a thing as sight," Daane says, and I recognize the gestures her hands make, the attempt to pull words out of the air to describe something that can't be pinned down. "I didn't expect to come out the other side, but..." She shakes her head. "I'm told I nearly didn't. I had one Celestial Force left on the other side, but it was worth it."

"It felt like it took forever," Lin says, and drops her gaze as she speaks. They're telling me things they wouldn't speak of to anyone else, though they've known me less than an hour, because I'm... one of them. How very strange. "I thought maybe this was what it was like, to... disassemble. All your Forces torn apart, and maybe it was that one last moment, forever, and I was stuck there in time for an eternity of that moment... And then the other side and it was... home. I'd never known about home until I was there."

Sadira shakes her head, and all she'll say is, "Waking up. Finally."

Cory grins at us. "If you've ever been caught up by a wave in the ocean, tumbled around until you don't know what way is up, dragged out to sea, and then finally a hand grabs you and you're pulled up into the air... " She takes a fast swig of her tea, and pours another cup. "Had to have some bad habits knocked out of me, I'll tell you that much, but he's a good teacher, he is..." She doesn't seem inclined to mention the name of her Superior, and everyone else knows. I won't ask. If she says Dominic I might have to run screaming, and that would be awkward.

Kavita, the Creationer, and I want to hear what she says. She smiles at us over the rim of her teacup, and turns it about in her hands. "I honestly believed I would die," she says. "I told him this, as I went in, and asked that if my Forces scattered, could he catch a few and make something else out of them? Something better than I had ever been, so that at least I could have come to some small use in my life. And he said to me, 'My child, if you come apart, I will put you back together as best I can.'" Another slow sip of tea. "When the Archangel who helped to form the Earth itself tells me that, how can I not believe him?"

"He's entirely convincing when he speaks," I say, and she nearly drops her cup.

"You've met him?"

"Yes, he..." I almost can't say anything, because she Needs to hear this so much, it hurts to see it in her eyes. "I was, ah, on the run. From the Game. With a friend, a Servitor of Eli. They caught up with us, and he... called for help." He must be off on another strange little adventure of his own this type, there's probably a note waiting for his triad, or he told them beforehand and they didn't bother to pass the information on. There can't be anything wrong, or I would know. "The next thing I know someone else is in his vessel, and he walks through the door like there aren't four Gamesters with weaponry on the other side, and... I followed, what else can you do in a situation like that?"

"He would know what to do." I wish I could bring Eli back myself for her, anything so that she wouldn't look at me like that. "Please, continue."

"I, ah, stood there looking like an idiot, and he... took care of things. Dropped a swimming pool over the three in the center of the room, and while they're standing there inside it the whole thing is full of toffee, never seen anything like that before and I don't think I will again. And there's one left and he, ah, walked over and picked her up and said -- I don't know what he said, I couldn't hear, and quite frankly I was still paying attention to the giant pool of toffee with three demons in it, but he stuffed her into a tuba. And... just like that, no more danger."

If I stopped the story here, none of them would know the difference. But Zif tells me that confession is good for the soul. "He could have gone then. He'd saved his Servitor, and me in the process. But he... walked over to where I was standing. As if I could have anything to say that would interest him..." I gave him back the talisman then, the only thing I could think of, but a little editing of events won't hurt, I don't want to go into the history of that thing. "So I asked him what I should do. And he said. Ah. 'He thinks you have potential. But an aptitude for something is no use unless you pursue it.'" He took the notepad from my jacket and handed me a note for Kai, an origami frog, and then it was just... Kai again. Back there staring at me.

"He knew you could redeem." She says it like it's gospel. I give Kavita a nod, though I'm not sure it was that he knew I could, more that he... thought I ought to try. "But he wasn't the one..."

"No, and he knew that much too. Jean was a better fit." Like gears turning, running a current through an old wire and watching it spark to life.

"What was it like?" Daane asks, and then blushes, an oddly human thing to do. "I'm sorry, if you'd rather not talk about it..."

"No, it's..." Now I'm the one grasping at the air for words. "It's as if for all my life I'd been staring at a clock made of paper powered by two lemons, and someone was telling me to make it speak French. Now it's like... someone's handed me a perfectly tuned watch, and pointed me at an atomic clock, and asked me to make sure the times match." I don't want to talk about the process, about feeling my mind unravel, those cold, precise hands trying to hold me together, bits of me slipping away until I was afraid I'd have nothing of myself left, that I'd lose the things I wanted to remember forever.

"A Sparky to the core," Sadira says.

"I hope so."

The moment's passed, and now everyone's back to smiles and laughter, though Kavita keeps giving me these sidelong looks, as if she intends to track me down later to hear the story again. The recipe for this blend of tea gets passed around, and I copy it down more to make Lin happy than out of any need to know. Though I could put together a simple device to let you store all your various ingredients in different bins, and then decide on percentages of each to be blended easily in custom mixes... I sketch out a quick diagram and a few notes on the same sheet as the recipe, something to work on in my spare time when I'm done with other projects.

"I should get back," Daane says. "But if you ever need anything, Mannie, or just someone to talk to--"

"I'll keep you in mind," I say, and stand up as well, now that it's polite to do so. Four more hugs, Cory's the tightest.

"Take care of yourself," Cory says. She whispers in my ear, "And if anyone's too much of a jerk to you, let me know first, okay?"

I fly far enough to find a quiet place to land, then walk the rest of the way back. Straight into an entire triad of Judgment waiting in my office. The Malakite already looks impatient.

Oh, lovely. And Dedan is no less intimidating as a massive winged lion than he was in a vessel. The Seraph peers down at me critically. "We received a message from you, but when we came to speak with you, there was no one in your office." The tip of her tail smacks against the floor. "Not even a note."

They can't just dislike me, now they have to be delayed by me. I would sit down, but there's a Malakite standing in front of my chair. No chair is comfortable enough to be worth working around that. "I'm sorry I wasn't here," I say. "I didn't realize you would come so quickly." Or at all.

"Something about Kai, you said." The Cherub's great yellow eyes are fixed on me. "Of course we would come by. Now what is it?"

"I've called three times, three days in a row, and haven't gotten any answer. He used to -- well, I'm worried, I hadn't heard anything from him, and I thought you three would know if he was just, ah, busy." It sounds so idiotic, nothing but suppositions and baseless worry, now that I'm standing in front of the three of them.

Dedan shakes his mane and bares his teeth. If he's trying to be intimidating, it's working. "Has it occurred to you that he might just not be taking your calls?"

"He wouldn't do that." Would he? Adala offers no indication to the Truth of what I've said. "He said he'd stop by the next time he was here--"

"You don't deserve to be here," Dedan says. I wish he had hit me instead.

"We'll look into it," says the Malakite, whose name I still can't remember, and it's strange that he should sound the most sympathetic of the three. "He's probably fine. Thank you for letting us know." His hand on the shoulder of the Cherub, and the three of them are gone.

I can't breathe. I don't need to breathe here, but I can't breathe. Sit down. Nearly miss the chair. I can't see anything on my desk, can't remember when my next meeting is scheduled, or what I'm supposed to be working on.

I don't deserve to be here.

"That was unkind," Nomikos said to Dedan, once they had passed out of the Halls of Progress. "And unnecessary."

"But true." Dedan's tail lashed behind him.

"You believe it is true," Adala said, "but nonetheless, Nomikos is correct. It was unkind and unnecessary."

"Most Holy, we are not the sort to hide the truth on account of people's feelings." The Cherub's teeth snapped together. "That someone like him would have found his way here, when there are those more deserving--"

"The ways of the Lord are mysterious," said Nomikos. "If he redeemed, he has been found worthy enough."

"We are Judges, my friend Virtue. Would you have me stop judging people simply because it offends them? He's atoned for none of his crimes--"

"Peace," Adala said, and moved between the angry glares that had begun. "This argument serves no purpose but to distract us. Our schedule has enough flexibility that we may move Kai's appointment further forward. If he is well, nothing but a few moments of our time has been lost, and that in a sufficiently worthy cause to be justified. If he is not well, we may thank the Gifter for a warning that might otherwise have come too late."

The Malakite and Cherub conceded that this was true, though one did so grudgingly.

Rescheduling proved to be only a small matter of logistics, and within an hour the triad approached Kai's apartment. Dedan strode on in the front through the door, stopped abruptly. "And you are--"

The man in the apartment folded arms across his chest. "You may call me Jeff," he said, and then, as the other two entered, frowned slightly. "Ah. I apologize. I had not recognized you." He inclined his head to the group, and waited until they'd closed the door to speak again. "Japhiel, Seraph of Lighting. What brings Judgment here?"

"We have a regular appointment with this Ofanite," Dedan snapped, sharply enough to earn a look from Nomikos.

"But it wasn't scheduled until tomorrow," said Japhiel mildly. "The punctuality of Judgment Servitors is renowned."

Adala frowned. "And why are you here?"

"It was requested of me. I've had dealings with Kai before, and I was asked to look in on him to see if he was well."

"Who requested it of you?"

"Zif, a Cherub of Lightning." Japhiel turned to wander through the small apartment, not touching anything. "None of the messages in his inbox have been read in the last six days. He has never been adept with computers, but has typically been prompt about reading the messages I send him. I intended to speak with the teachers he works with next, and was considering how to best approach them when you entered."

Nomikos made note of the book laid open across the couch, the piccolo lying on the computer desk. "He can't have been gone long, if he has gone anywhere. Someone would have noticed."

"No doubt. But the people who would notice are humans, and seldom have reason to pass such information on to angels." Japhiel shut down the computer, and looked up at the triad. "It's not as if his Archangel's organization, or what remains of it, is so well structured these days as to track one Servitor playing a minor part in the Symphony. Especially someone who isn't in a high-risk Role."

"Someone should have noticed," Dedan said. "And... perhaps he's only been busy of late."

"Kai has many friends," said Japhiel quietly, "but most of them have other duties to attend to, and contact him infrequently. I believe that you three are the angels he meets with most often. If anyone were to notice him missing, it would be you."

The triad exchanged meaningful glances. "We will handle this from here," Adala said. Japhiel bowed to them, and left. She turned to her companions. "The most likely hypothesis at this point is that Kai is missing."

"Again," said Nomikos. "But I fear it was not of his choosing, this time. He did say he would leave a note. And he's... usually been quite responsible. Especially about promises."

"Two Cherubim assigned to watch the welfare of a Lilim safe in Heaven," Dedan said, his tone bitter, "and not one for Kai. It is... unbalanced."

"Hold," said Adala. "We will investigate further before forming preliminary conclusions. It would be unJust of us to let our opinions influence our treatment of this matter."

"Kai works with multiple teachers; tracking them down could be difficult. Let's start with someone in a position of authority, to whom his absence would be reported." Nomikos strode out the door. The other two followed, each evaluating the situation silently, and reaching different conclusions.

The chair of the board of directors had a personal office with a waiting room attached, the only one of its like in the community center. He also had a personal secretary, another unique privilege. The young woman gave them a disinterested glance as they approached, her attention mostly on the computer screen in front of her. "Can I help you?" Nothing in the way she said it implied that she wished to assist anyone.

"We'd like to meet with the chair of the board," Nomikos said. "It's quite urgent."

She rolled her eyes. "He's not in at the moment."

Adala shook her head slightly.

"How strange," Nomikos said. "I'm quite sure he's in there right now." He leaned forward, his hands flat on the surface of her desk. "You're certain he isn't in at the moment?"

The secretary's eyes widened. "He's out -- well, he's very busy, you have to understand, he has lots of things to do, and he doesn't want to be disturbed... Could I make you an appointment? For... tomorrow, I could get you in first thing tomorrow morning..."

Dedan strode forward and opened the door to the inner office.

"We'll let ourselves in, thank you," said Nomikos, and followed more quickly than was strictly courteous.

The chair of the board was a middle-aged man, nearly handsome except for too much of a tan, in clothing casual enough to remind those around him that he could dress as he pleased and they could not. He frowned as they came in. Adala shut the door behind them. "If you'll excuse me, I'm busy," he said, his hand reaching for the intercom.

Dedan slid it out of the man's reach. "Kai Dawson," he said. "Have you seen him lately?"

"No, not in several days. What are you doing in my office?" His voice had the petulant whine of a man accustomed to getting his own way.

"Asking questions," Dedan said, and Nomikos opened his mouth, but Adala made a small gesture and he shut it again. Let the angry Cherub ask the questions, and see what happens.

"Why are you interrupting my day? Don't you think I have better things to do with my time than be accosted with questions by strangers?" The man stood up, and shook a finger at them. "Get out of my office right now, before I call the local authorities and have you removed!"

Dedan grabbed the man by the collar, pulled him forward over the desk. Nomikos started to protest, but again, a gesture for Adala. Let it be. The Malakite closed his hands into fists and stood still. "How long has he been missing?" asked the Cherub. "Answers. Now."

"A few days," say the man, eyes wider than before. "I don't keep track of everyone who works here--"

"But you do keep track of that one," said Adala. "Why?"

"Get out of my office." More pleading than angry, now. "He -- the teacher he works with said he failed to show for class six days ago, he's been gone that long, at least. I don't know where he is."

Adala shook her head, frowning. Truth, but little more to it than that. Another sign for Nomikos, and the Malakite stepped forward, took a look into the man's virtue.

"Don't let go. We don't want this one getting very far." Nomikos smiled now, a small indulgence. "You know, Kai's usually good at picking up on infernal activity this close to where he works, but someone as subtle as your kind would slip through. Fortunately, we're here to correct the mistake."

The man jerked frantically away from Dedan, but now the Cherub's arm was around his neck, one hand flailing while the other was pinned back. "What did you do with him?"

No words, only desperate struggles. And no cries for help, which said something all its own. Dedan looked briefly to Adala for confirmation, then pulled the man backwards across the desk to the center of the room, surrounded by the three of them.

"It wasn't my plan," said the demon, not loudly. "I didn't even want to agree to it."

"True," said Adala, "but only because it might harm your objectives. Irrelevant."

Nomikos stepped forward into the demon's field of vision. "If you cooperate," he said, "I'll kill you afterwards. If not, we'll take you to a Tether, and force you celestial instead of just slitting your throat."

Adala allowed herself a smile as well. "Truth."

I know every way out of here. I know how to get to the nearest Tether of Creation the fastest way possible. I have mapped in my mind how to reach every nearby phone booth, internet cafe, police station, anything that could get me in contact with someone. And none of it does me any good when I'm chained to the wall.

I should have taken Jack up on his offer to teach me how to pick locks.

Right now the only demon in the room is the Balseraph. Not watching me, not like there's any need. And, yeah, it frustrates me that I can be this... helpless. Not even worth watching when most of them are out.

I stopped yanking on the chain in frustration three days ago. Mostly. There's a six-foot radius of nothing around me because on the second day I got a chair leg most of the way through the Habbalite's chest before they pulled me off of her again. They cleaned up the broken glass right after that bottle broke, not because it was cutting my bare feet (the left shoe went down the Balseraph's throat, the right shoe was confiscated afterward) but because they were worried about what I might do with it.

Nothing. There's nothing for me to work with here. Creativity has its limits, and they've been very good at putting those limits up all around me. None of them come close enough for me to hit them, not anymore. Breaking my bones stopped being amusing pretty fast, and the Impudite got annoyed about needing to heal me so often. Far end of the room is a table, chairs, cabinet, sink, nothing I can reach.

If I could get the newspaper the Balseraph is reading, I could do something pointed with it. But he's not going to get close enough to let me do that, is he? No.

I don't think I've ever been so angry in my life.

I'm not sure if it would be worse or not if they had me in the Will Shackles, but they're saving those for someone special. All I rate is the ring around my wrist that keeps me tied to this vessel, and a chain back to the wall so that I can't run. The whole thing's bolted on so tightly I haven't made any progress at all on pulling it out. Pointless. Trying is pointless. I am so stuck here there are Malakim of Stone who are easier to move than I am.

I am not getting caught up in that rut of the mind again. Tomorrow Adala and the rest will stop by and notice I'm missing, and then, then, I don't know what then. But they'll look, I'm sure they will, and then someone will know, it's not like everyone would just leave me here. Right? Jack will stop by at some point, he'd notice I'm gone, he would do something, Kelly would come along to help. There are people who are looking for me. Will be looking for me. Really.

It's unfair that I'm not only angry, I'm horribly bored. Bored. Very bored. I don't have the mind to compose things in my head for long, I can't keep it all floating in my mind, and it's not like they're going to give me anything to write with. I mean, I proved I can make a good projectile weapon out of the paperclips I found in my pockets, so they're being really... boring.

The boredom isn't the worst part, but it's the hardest to deal with.

I yank on the chain again. It has a boring clank. Everything boring. The last time I did a rendition of the William Tell Overture, arranged for chain clanking and whistling, I was unimpressed with the results. The part where the Habbalite started screaming at me to shut up was momentarily entertaining, but now she just walks out of the room if I start, and the Balseraph doesn't seem to care.

He turns a page on the paper. I can't make out anything more than the headlines from here, not in this lighting, and I've already arranged the letters in "Congress Debates Lawson Bill" into as many different words as I can come up with.

I bet Mannie would know how to get out of here.

I wish I could make the Balseraph twitch. He doesn't. I can reliably get the Habbalite into a screaming rage if I work at it, they've started learning the warning signs and getting her out of the room before then, and I can get on the Impudite's nerves, but the Bal just... sits there. And watches. And then he says things and sometimes I know he's lying and sometimes I don't. He's not the worst, but he's nearly the worst, I hate what he does to my head.

Two hours after the triad visited. Two hours. Enough time to make sure there was nothing forgotten, no reason for anyone to stop by again, for me to finish my last class for the day. And now it's been almost a week, I've been gone for a week and I don't think anybody who would put things together knows. Not yet. What if they think I ran off again? I told them I'd leave a message if I had to miss an appointment, I told them, but I don't know if they'll remember, do they even trust me enough to believe I would, anymore? I should have left a note the first time I ran off with Jack, I should have send word to them sooner.

It's not helpful to keep reviewing escape routes in my head. Not helpful at all.

The Balseraph folds his paper away and stands up. Walks over to just out of my reach, I know the precise line, a few inches closer and I could do something but he knows the line too. Time must be up, because a few hours ago I knew he was lying to me, and he frowned, and sat down, and started reading the paper. And now I know he's going to say something, he's going to say something awful and I know it'll be a lie and yet, and yet, I might still believe him.

He looks at me for a moment, and then he says, "They've all forgotten about you. Nobody cares."

How can he say things like that? But it's true, isn't it? If anybody cared, they'd have found me by now, they'd have noticed, I would have heard something. The Boss has big plans, he knows what's going on, but it's more important than I am, and he has other things to think about. The triad's going to think I've run off, if they bother to stop by at all. Why would they stop by? I never have anything new to tell them.

And if Mannie really cared, he would have called. Wouldn't he?

It's all a dull ache inside me. Of course they don't care. It's not like I can do anything right in the first place. The Balseraph is still standing there watching me, but what does it matter? I'm never going to get out of here. Nobody's coming. And when the demons get bored they'll just walk away and leave me and I will be stuck here forever. Because nobody's going to remember me anyway. And why does he have to tell me these things?

Because he's a damn liar, that's why. Damned from birth or by a Fall, it doesn't matter, this is what Balseraphs do. If I had Mannie's Songs, the demon would be on fire by now, but all I can do is glare. "Liar," I say.

"Never. You simply have a hard time accepting the truth." He walks back to the table and sits down. Picks up the paper.

On fire. Repeatedly.

I'll have to ask Mannie to teach me that Song.

When I get out of here.

Which will happen. Because someone will come find me.

Eventually.

I hope.

The door at the top of the stairs opens. The Habbalite again. Let's see. Already played with the "You're not a real angel" line this morning, it's unlikely to work again so soon. Time for another round of tactic number three, "If you're so strong, why don't you try to beat me in a fair fight?" That one's only worked once before, but I think it's worth another try. She can't be much smarter than I am if she keeps falling for those sorts of tricks; it's not like I'm a master schemer.

I dance. I hit things. Sometimes I play the piccolo well. Scheming, like cooking, not so much with the being good at it. I'm beginning to wish I were a little less tough and a little more smart, because the hitting things isn't doing me much good this week, and I'd like to give actual thinking a shot, if I could.

She walks forward to that same invisible line, ready for another round. The Balseraph says something in Helltongue; it sounds insulting, and she responds in kind. He snaps back, she says something arrogant, and then they glare at each other. I have no idea what they're saying, but I'm guessing it goes something like this:

"Too afraid to get any closer to a chained-up angel?"

"I don't see you walking up to it."

"That's because I had a watch shoved down my throat, and I learn from experience."

"At least I'm not stupid enough to approach with easily removed items hanging about me."

Okay. So it probably didn't go quite like that. But I have to keep myself amused somehow.

I've bounced emotions back at her twice, though she won as often as not, and she doesn't try that anymore. Something to be grateful for, I guess. Very small amounts of gratitude.

"Good afternoon, Kai," she says. She's holding a piece of paper in her hand, and makes a show of looking it over. "It's time for more of the truth, I know you're fond of that, and it looks like we're up to 1837! Ah, no, my mistake. 1836, December." She flips the paper over. "We wouldn't want to skip anything."

I hate her smile. I hate what she does to me.

I hate that I think she's telling the truth, on these things.

"Let's see. In December he was assigned to... well, they've blacked out the name of the project, but it was in a small town in Russia. I don't suppose you've ever been to Russia? No? No matter. The local officials attributed the sudden rise of deaths to an outbreak of cholera, but apparently it was due to -- ah, they've blacked out that bit too, but, oh my. Nearly three hundred dead in the space of a month. That must have been an interesting project they were working on there. And, isn't that sweet. In January of 1837, there's the bit I was looking at, he received his first Distinction from Vapula." She smiles to me over the paper. A mother reading her children bedtime stories. "I'm almost to the part where he spends twenty-five years in Tartarus, working on projects involving electricity and damned souls. But let's not rush ahead."

I knew he was a demon for centuries. I knew this when I met him. I knew who he worked for, and the sorts of things he must have done. That doesn't mean I ever wanted to hear the details. And now that I've heard these things, I don't think I'll be able to forget.

I'm not a Seraph. I don't work for Revelation. Seeking out the truth isn't in my job description. I didn't want to hear about the projects he worked on, the rewards he received, the other demons he had to tear down, betray, shove aside to get where he did.

I'll admit I'm curious about what happened when he left Russia. But I was hoping to get the story from him.

"You shouldn't let this bother you," she says finally, putting the paper away. "It's only the truth. And sometimes the truth hurts, but only if you're weak."

"Unlock this chain and I'd give you a demonstration of just how weak I am." This would be so much easier if they were War, even Fire. I can handle bursts of rage. If one of these demons would just be angry enough in the right direction, I might wake up next to my Heart and things would be... not okay. This is so not okay, there is no way I'm recovering from what they're doing to my Role, but at least I'd be out. Of. Here.

"You say that as if physical weakness is the only type that matters," and the Balseraph is watching her, wondering if he'll need to intervene again. Probably not; she's too calm. More's the pity. I wish I could use words as effectively as I can use a paperclip. "But that's only a manifestation, a single element on this plane of existence, and little important anywhere else. If you were strong enough, the truth wouldn't hurt you."

I could tell her that hearing this doesn't hurt, but they'd both know it to be a lie. "You're going to an awful lot of trouble to pass on incomplete facts. Was there a point to all this?"

"You'll learn."

"Probably not. I'm a slow learner. Ask anyone who knows me." She's leaning just a little bit closer, another two inches and it'll be worth trying a grab. "Or maybe it's just that you're a lousy teacher. Your methodology is all over the place, you can't seem to keep your facts straight from one day to the next, and I'm still unclear on what the course objectives are. Aren't you supposed to have a syllabus or something?"

"You are. An idiot."

"Yeah, but at least I'm an angel."

Like the last graceful glide down of a performance. If she's going to be so dismissive of Corporeal Forces, she should learn to stay out of my reach. It's easy to step out of the way of her fist, grab her wrist, pull, and when she's down on the floor that's my fist in her face thank you very much, I'd love it if she had a notebook but while she's still trying to hit me I have her jacket off and wrapped around her neck, much more satisfying to do that--

The Balseraph pulls me away, though I manage to bite his hand hard enough to draw blood and gouge out a good chunk of his palm. He's stronger than I am, enough that by the time I've twisted free the Habbie's already retreated out of reach, and then the Bal drops and... heh. Runs. Tries to do it in a dignified manner, but that's a run, it is. I slam into the end of my leash and nearly fall from the impact, but, that's something to keep me happy for... hours, at least.

The Habbie stares at me. Hate in those eyes, and I grin at her. Just try it. Fifty-fifty says she'd manage it, but is she willing to try it after that? "Self-control of a gerbil," I say, and it's no great testament to my own self-control when I'm pushing like this when it's probably going to end with me cowering under her resonance again, but how can I resist? "You were saying something about inner strength?"

But before she can try anything the Bal is arguing with her in Helltongue, two demons snapping at each other in words that twist at my ears and almost make sense, but never quite resolve into anything I can understand. I'd worry more if I could understand them. I spin on my toes and assign meanings to each line.

The door opens again. The Impudite's back.

"You're bleeding," he says to the Balseraph. "The two of you can't stay out of reach for a few hours while I'm gone?" I'm not even worth his attention. The dog chained up in the back yard, and the kids forgot to take it for a walk again. "Now shut up and get out of my way for a while. I'll fix your hand later."

Such a charmer, that one. This is his turn to hurt me, but it... stopped, mostly, a few days ago. Or at least it's not as actively painful as it used to be. Like a motorcycle crash, skidding across the road and down through the gravel and into the dirt on the side, and then lying there bleeding... It still hurts, but the crash is a done deal. Nothing I can do about it now.

Fine, I'll admit it. That's what hurts the most. That's the bleeding in this place. That I really can't think of any way to do anything about it.

"I heard back from our colleague," says the Impudite. He doesn't bother to pretend to be friendly the way the Habbalite does, either doesn't think it would work or doesn't care enough either way. "That's the third report of inappropriate behavior on your part towards children, now. I imagine it'll be able to bump the reports up to a dozen or so within the week, if it does its job properly. So far the board is keeping the issue quiet, but leaks are already developing. People are beginning to talk. Parents are starting to pull their children out of classes." And finally a smile from him. "You should see what Media does with this sort of thing once the news breaks. Which it will. I would guess that the entire center will close down, by the time the story's been chewed to death and left behind to rot. Nobody wants to send their children to a place with that sort of scandal."

If I could I would pull his heart out, but what good would it do me now? The damage is done. This is just the bleeding.

I'm not reacting enough to satisfy him, so now he's pushing. "It had a hard time convincing some of the children to say the right things, you know. Strange how even children can resist saying what they don't want to say. But now that they've done so, nobody will believe them if they try to take it back. Children trying to protect a favorite teacher, an adult who took advantage of their trust... It's a sign of the times. You can't trust anyone, these days."

I can think of two dozen people by name who I'd trust with my life, at least half of them that I'd trust with... something more valuable. It's none of his business. I stare back at him and... I don't pull at the chain. No point in pulling. Try not to think of the bleeding, nearly five decades spent there with one Role or another, building that center up into a place where people could learn, create...

It's not supposed to hurt like this at this point. It's not. There's nothing I can do. Focus on forward momentum, Kai. Things you can still change, what you can affect, holding out until someone arrives. This is not the worst part of the day. Really.

He told me to keep up the good work, and I can't, I've lost the work he entrusted to me. Isn't this supposed to stop hurting once I accept that and move on? Recover, you idiot little Ofanite, forgot falling on your face and keep up with the dance.

I don't know the steps anymore.

He's still waiting for a response. I don't intend to provide one. "What, not trying to run off and change things? Rescue the wee munchkins from the big bad demons? I thought you were an angel, Kai. Aren't you supposed to be out protecting the weak?" He shrugs. "If it's such a bother for you to get out and do what you want to do, I suppose we could bring someone here for you to protect, though I think you'd have a hard time of it in your current condition."

I will rip his arms off and beat him to death with them if he tries that. I swear I will. I will find some way to do it.

Must remember to start humming the next time his back is turned.

If I could just get somewhere else. Anywhere else but here. The chain clanks, I'm pulling at it without even meaning to. That they're already damned is no great consolation to me. I hate this.

"A Calabite could take apart that entire chain with a look, you know," says the Impudite. Casually passing on the information. "I'm told it's handy."

"I'm not a Calabite." Nasty stagnant demons, all their motion going elsewhere and they go nowhere at all. I am an Ofanite. I move. When I can. I would give all sorts of things up to be able to run out of here, but giving up myself would make it... pointless.

"You could be." The Impudite shakes his head. "It's your own fault this is happening, you know. You could get out of here. If you'd done so days ago, you could have even fixed things before it spun too far out of control. Too late for that now, and no one to blame but yourself. If you want to get out of here so badly, why don't you break the chain and run?"

I sit down because when I'm sitting I am not pulling at this leash. Chained dog in the backyard howling at the moon. Donald Lee taught me a marvelous little ditty eleven years ago, so I begin the humming. All I can manage right now is petty, but there's something faintly satisfying in a song whose lyrics begin, "I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves..."

The Impudite's not impressed. I'm not trying to impress anyone, only to annoy. Counting time until someone shows up and I should be doing something, going somewhere, but I... can't. I can't go anywhere at all.

Annoying an Impudite is the second-highest point of my day. This is downright embarrassing. The Boss would be disappointed in me.

"Can the two of you manage to stay here with him and not bleed all over yourselves?" the Impudite asks, and the Habbalite snarls something at him, stomps out the door. Slams it behind her. The Balseraph shrugs, sits down with his paper.

And then it's just the two of us again.

I'd expected more... efficiency, somehow, from the Game. At least, I assume it's the Game, not that they've bothered to tell me anything about themselves. Isn't really a situation that cries out for polite introductions. Not nearly enough gadgets to be Vapulans, and I can't think of anyone besides the Game and Technology that I've seriously annoyed. Well. Lately. But they wouldn't be reading me lists of what Mannie used to do (don't think about it now, Kai, it's not something to dwell on when you're in this sort of mood) if it weren't related to my latest bit of adventure. So. The Game, and very... quarrelsome. Sure, demons aren't very good at getting along, but you'd think that they could maintain a facade of cooperation for an entire week.

There's something in the back of my mind trying to figure itself out, but I don't know what it is. Thinking. Not my strong point, but I'll give it a try.

The first time we ran into the Game, they were... efficient. Had things planned out. Distracted me, took me down hard, went after Mannie, and... huh. Ran into a Seneschal and a triad, as I heard it, and two Windies that they'd thought out of the way. So. Second time we ran into the Game, heavy firepower, a place where we couldn't run, just the two of us... and the Boss stepped in to help out.

Thanks, Boss. Sorry I don't deserve it. I'm going to try to make up for the disaster I've created out of what you trusted me to do. Somehow.

So call this time number three. Grabbed me easily enough, humiliating in how easy it was for them to do it, and now I'm... here. Stuck. Here. Still stuck and I can't move and no I will not panic. I am being... reasonable. Channel a little Elohite, Kai. Why are they doing this? Just to get back at me? I'm not important enough to do that. Two bullets in the back of my vessel, that I would have expected, but three Gamesters taking the time to do this? And let's not forget the Shedite playing around back home, no, not going to forget that any time soon, but... deep breaths. Not going to obsess. Trying to think.

I wish Mannie were here. Well. No, I don't think it would be a good idea for him to be surrounded by these people, but if he were here he could figure out what to do, and he could set people on fire from a distance.

Which would be very satisfying right now.

Think about something productive. Something else. Anything else at all. Or at least try to think. They're not going to all this trouble over me, I'm not worth it to them. So... um. Of course. Mannie. That's the one they really want. Not that they can get him, he's safely in Heaven and going to stay there for a while yet--

--except that I'm down here, and he... would care. I know he would. Oh.

He hasn't called. Maybe he's so distracted with new work and new friends that he won't even notice, he'll stay safely -- no, they'll make sure he notices, won't they? And he can probably still track me down, unless he dropped all his hooks to show he was being good and proper, but I don't want him to have dropped mine, I like being findable, but if he's dropped it that's good because he won't be coming here, but I want to be rescued, and -- man. Just trying to think like the Game makes my head hurt.

I could use one of Mannie's flowcharts right now. But, wait, if they want to get him back so badly, why send people like this after him? They're competent enough to get me here, but the Impudite gets twitchy, the Habbalite still hasn't learned to stop getting in reach of me, why go to all this trouble and send these people?

I'm starting to get an idea. I'm not sure if I like it or not. "Hey, Bal," I say, and the Balseraph looks up, I have finally managed to irritate him. "Ever met a Bright Lilim?"

"There's no such thing," he says. "Lilim can't redeem. Their Forces just dissolve if they try."

"You're so sure of this?"

"Have you ever seen one?" Nothing but scorn there. Fine. I can work with that.

"Not yet. But then, there are lots of things I haven't seen that I believe in." Right now I have a deep, personal belief in the existence of Asmodeus, despite never having met him, and let's please keep it that way. "So what would you do if you did meet one?"

"It wouldn't happen. There's no such thing." He flicks the corners of his paper.

"Come on. Humor me. I could go back to the humming." And he could start lying again, but he sighs, and sets down his paper.

"Hypothetically, then, I would assume it was some sort of trick, and deal with the situation accordingly. And turn in a full report afterwards."

"Yeah. What I thought." Turn that over in my head for a while. "Your Boss has a vested interest in everyone thinking Lilim can't redeem. So of course he wouldn't be very happy about anyone who thought they'd seen one who had, would he?" It's weird to think this way. I don't think I want to make a habit of it.

A rustle of paper. He's pretending he's not listening to me again. I'm mostly thinking out loud anyway. "So if you're right, you're trying to grab a Renegade Lilim. Except he's not running around anymore, is he? And you think he's either waiting in a Tether, or he tried to redeem and got ripped apart. But if you thought that you wouldn't bother doing this in the first place, so you think he's still around. Which means you think he didn't even try to redeem." I've nearly lost the train of thought, my mind wants to think about something else entirely, but I'm determined to take this one to the end. "So you think that a Renegade Lilim, selfish as all that, is going to show up here?"

He turns a page. I don't think he finished reading it first. Kai shoots, he scores! Though there's something really weird about trying to make a person doubt something. "Now, what's going to be interesting is if he does show up and he has redeemed like I say, and suddenly all three of you are looking at something your Boss says doesn't exist. Now, I know my Boss, and he'd be perfectly fine with something like that, but what about yours?"

Another page flips. If I weren't so miserable I'd be giggling. This is almost... fun. "I bet that none of you three is in good standing right now, huh? And, hey, this is an easy job for you, just hold onto an Ofanite until the Lilim shows up, and then, someone told you, they'll take care of the rest, and it'll be a good mark for you. Or do you do evil marks, instead of good marks? Never mind, not relevant. Anyway."

"You are a complete fool, angel."

"Yeah, but at least I know it. Self-knowledge. Marvelous thing. And I'm not the one coming from the organization with a reputation for being all twisted around and schemey. Me, I don't do scheming. Can't wrap my head around it. But when even I start thinking something is a little weird, I'd think that you guys would notice too. Maybe you all have some deep, secret information you're not sharing, though. Which would be why this seems like such a setup to me, and you three are all just fine with it."

Okay, so I'm bluffing like crazy and I don't know half of what I'm talking about, but he doesn't know that, does he?

The Balseraph sets the paper aside on the table. He walks over to the place just outside the invisible line, and looks at me. I'm not going to like whatever he says next. "There's no such thing as Bright Lilim," he says. "The Lilim you knew is either still a demon or his Forces dissolved. If it were otherwise he would have called to tell you, wouldn't he? They can't redeem. It's impossible."

"Liar," I say.

"You missed the meeting." Zif, in the doorway, and then beside me. She seems strange with that horsey face. I thnk of people as what their vessels look like when I meet them first in that form.

"What?" And, yes, it's half an hour past when I was supposed to be there with a report. A report I haven't finished yet, my sentences tangling halfway through. "I'm sorry, I lost track of time, let me get things together..."

"Don't worry," she says. "It's been postponed until later."

"I'm sorry, I'm... not done yet." I can't think in a straight line right now. Every time I try to concentrate my mind hits jagged edges and goes careening off in another direction.

"What's upsetting you?"

"I'm not done with my report, this isn't working..."

"But that's not what's bothering you the most."

"I'd really rather not talk about it. I have work to do."

A faint whuffling sigh from her, the first I've heard. "I am concerned for you on an objective level, because when you are upset it is more difficult for you to perform your duties efficiently or at your highest potential. But I am also concerned for you personally, because you are my attuned, and I would like for you to be not only safe, but happy. If I don't know what has caused you to be unhappy, I cannot do anything about it. This makes me unhappy, and in turn begins to affect my other work. So. Would you tell me what's bothering you?"

"You take lessons in this sort of thing from the Boss, don't you." I would like to talk to him about, well, about everything, but it's not a good use of his time.

"We all aspire towards his example in our own way. But you're avoiding the subject." She's not going to leave until I give her an answer she's satisfied with, and I can't concentrate with a Cherub hanging over my shoulder.

"Why am I here?" It's as close as I can come to the subject and still be able to breathe.

"Because you were assigned this office. Because you work for Jean. Because you were redeemed. Because you went Renegade. How far back do you want to trace your steps?"

"Further than that," I say. "What did I ever do to deserve any of this?" They listen when I talk, and when they disagree, I'm not worried that anyone here is trying to push me out of favor. There's a Seraph down by the Bazaar who brings out my favorite blend of coffee when I walk inside, and he has no reason to know me, and I've done nothing particular for him. There are five Bright Lilim who sought me out and told me things they wouldn't tell anyone else, when they'd just met me. I haven't done a thing to deserve any of this. It's like I'm drowning in debt that I'm never going to be able to pay off, I don't even know how much I owe.

"You feel unworthy. Because of what you did before, when you still worked for Vapula. And now you're concerned because you think you've received things you don't deserve, while others have never received what they did earn."

I hadn't even extrapolated that far. Still too self-centered to even think about that, only focusing on what I did, what I ought to have gotten. How can I possibly be an angel when I keep thinking about myself instead of anyone else? "Something like that. I mean, I spent... long enough, being a demon, actively opposing the cause of Heaven, betraying anyone if it would give me an advantage, geasing people into utility or their own failure as benefited me and now I'm... here. Why am I here? Why wasn't I ripped apart entirely when I had the audacity to think I could do this at all?"

Zif shakes her head. "You're approaching this from the wrong direction. Let me ask you a question. Do you think Jean was wrong to redeem you? That he was mistaken when he decided you were worth his time?"

"Yes. No! He's not wrong, it's only... I don't know." The Boss knew what I was when he made the decision.

"Another question, then. Does it further the cause of Heaven more for you to be here, working for Lightning, or back working for Vapula?"

"Here. Of course."

"Then regardless of your opinion on whether or not you deserve to be here, your presence is, objectively speaking, a good thing. You ought to treat it as such."

"I'm not arguing that, only... why me? Why not someone else who's done less to hurt people, who's a better person to start with? What did I do to deserve this? There ought to be some sort of, I don't know, some way to pay for what I've done." I'm drowning in debt owed to a thousand people whose names I can't even remember.

"You're not a Judge, to try to work out what anyone else deserves. And as for yourself..." She's silent for a moment. "What has a newborn reliever done, to deserve Heaven? What has a newly-formed demonling done, to deserve Hell? So many have no choice in where they begin, but once there, they perform in such a way as to justify their location. You've chosen something, and it accepted you. It's not a matter of deserving it; it's a matter of justifying it now that you're here."

"And do I never make up for what I've done? Leave it an unpaid debt forever?"

"Maybe," she says. "Or maybe a thousand years from now you'll have done enough good to balance it out. We are not the gods of Egypt, to weigh your deeds on a scale against a feather, and see which way it tips. We work with what we've been given, and move on."

"Forward momentum." If Kai were here, he'd tell me to stop worrying about having missed the first three acts, and to get going with my part in the fourth. "Thank you."

"If you're upset, please let me know. I am always willing to help as best I can." One of her ears flicks back. "But I would like to know what brought on this particular question, if you would be willing to tell me."

"It's nothing important. Only what someone said." And when will I hear back about Kai? If he's off running about with another Renegade... I can understand how his triad must have felt, when they discovered he was missing.

"What did that person say?"

"That I don't. Deserve to be here." And if I remember that deserving it isn't the point, I can almost say that in a single sentence.

Both her ears go flat back against her head, and I can read that much of her body language. "Who said that?"

"Ah. There was a triad of Judgment, the one that watches out for Kai." For his spiritual well-being, in theory, but it seems they're more concerned about him personally than I would have thought Judgment could. "I don't believe they're fond of me, not when it was my fault he was dragged through so much trouble and danger."

"They said that?"

"The Cherub. Dedan." And because I'm not used to seeing Zif looking so angry like this, "I'm sure it's only that they're concerned for Kai too. I wasn't a good influence, not when I should have gone to a Tether instead of running around like that and taking him with me. They have reason to be upset."

"Upset, yes. But no reason to say that." Her ears slowly straighten up again. "Mannie, I suggest you take a walk and go look at something you find interesting, for a change of pace. It's not healthy to focus entirely on work, especially when you still need to deal with other things. Once you feel comfortable -- and not as soon as you think you'd like to get back to work, mind -- you can go back to your report, and reschedule that meeting. Understood?"

"Perfectly."

"Good. Tell me if anyone else says something like that." She pauses in the doorway. "Even angels aren't perfect. Some have their own reasons to be angry, or upset, and you'll remind them of this. But it was entirely inappropriate for a Judge, of all people, to say something like that. Please remember that."

"I'll try."

"Good."

For once someone is telling me to look at something interesting, not to take up a hobby, so I wander the more public corridors of the Halls of Progress, looking in when a door is open to indicate onlookers are welcome. Busy, everyone has something important to do. Even two young relievers, tossing an old CD back and forth in an open space where several corridors meet, pause to ask me if I need them to deliver a message.

I've traveled further from my office than I've gone in here before, to part of the Halls that I'm unfamiliar with. A few curious looks from people as I pass, but no one stops me. It's Heaven, and this isn't one of the restricted areas; I belong here as much as anyone. Two Ofanim spin by me, one on either side, talking about yet another project, and... it is beautiful, isn't it? I could stay here forever. I want to stay here forever. For the first time in my life I want to make something else better, not because it's mine but because... I love it. It's bigger than me, bigger than any project I could ever design, work on, contribute to. This whole place is so much bigger than I could ever be.

I step into a room with a ceiling so far above me I can barely make it out. On either side of the room two generators hum, and all the way up rods and wires and cones, curved glass arranged just so, and at the very top, electricity crackling blue as it leaps in an endless current between two points.

I want to stare at it forever. I want to take it all apart, figure out how it works, and then put it together again so that it works better. All the atmosphere in here is charged, I could snap my fingers and send a spark through the air.

My entire life, I've wanted to take raw electricity and bundle it up inside myself, wrap myself around it until it was part of me. I never would have guessed I would end up surrounded by Lightning instead.

A Cherub moves over to where I'm standing, frowns at me. "Did you need something here?" Now that's an unfriendly tone if I've heard one, and I've heard quite a few.

Do I need something. I resist the urge to tell her what I do need. "No," I say. "I'm only looking." Curious enough to try, I look into her eyes, and... what strange Needs, angels have. "I'm sorry that my presence reminds you of something you wanted to forget," I say, and I leave her there. Letting the Geas hook slip away as it forms, the moment I'm out of her line of sight.

I used to count my hooks, check for what would be useful, one more way to claw my way to the top. I have fewer than I ought, spent to pull myself as far out of debt as I could. And more than I'd like still stuck on me, a reminder that somewhere out there too many people can say, "You owe me," and it would be true. And now... I've dropped all the ones I kept on angels, except for the one little hour-hook in Kai, nothing serious, just a way to... find him. If I lose track of him again. It's a bad sign to find an Ofanite sitting still and staring into a mug of coffee. He needed to get out of there, get moving, get his mind off things.

I probably shouldn't have just whisked him away.

A reliever skitters to a halt in front of me, bounces into the air. "What are you?" it demands, a tiny thing, it can't be very old. "I've seen Blessed Souls and Kyriotates Mercurians Malakim Ofanim Elohim Cherubim Seraphim even a Menunite, but I haven't seen one of you."

"Bright Lilim." I'm still walking, and it bounces along in the air beside me. Too young to have any idea what it wants to be when it grows up. "There aren't many of us."

"That would be why I haven't seen any before!"

"Ah. Yes." Heading back to my office now, I've done what Zif asked, and I will work diligently on what I'm given to work on until I hear back from people. "Do you, ah, have anything else to do?" It's still hovering over my shoulder.

"No." A tiny unhappy voice to admit that. "Can I help you?"

"Er. Certainly." Not that I have any idea what to do with a helpful reliever. And "helpful reliever" seems to be redundant. I had always vaguely assumed that proto-angels were treated better in Heaven than their corresponding types in Hell, but I hadn't realized they would be little bundles of helpfulness. "So, what's your name?"

"I don't know?" It frowns. "I'm sorry. I went and asked questions! And I looked at things! But I didn't ask what my name was. Do you know?"

"I haven't even found a proper name for myself, yet." The name I was given means lonely, yearning. It's hard to be lonely with a Cherub playing therapist, a supervisor asking for regular reports, Judgment angels showing up every day to ask questions and examine my soul. But I haven't found another name yet, and I'm not sure if it's one of those things where I'm supposed to choose it for myself, or one where I should learn to ask for it.

I used to long for days when everyone would leave me alone, tangle each other up in their plotting, just leave me be so that I could get some work done without wondering who was trying to stab me in the back or sabotage my projects. And now... I leave the door open. I like leaving the door open.

When I sit down at my desk, the reliever darts about the office, inspecting everything without touching. "I can deliver messages! Do you have a message to deliver? I asked a, a Cherub that, and she gave me a message! I delivered it! The message said, Hello, how are you doing? And then I got an answer and brought it back." It perches finally on the back of my chair, looking over my shoulder as I begin to arrange my notes into something closer to proper order. "Or I could find someone for you. If you were looking for someone! I go to people and say, hello, have you seen this person! And if they say yes, I say, thank you! Where is that person? And sometimes it is that person."

"Kai must have been just like you when he was young," I say, and scribble out an apology for missing the meeting. "Or are all relievers like you?"

"I don't know. I haven't asked all of them. Though I could! Who's Kai?"

"A friend of mine. He's down on Earth duty right now." But I don't think a reliever flitting about on Earth asking everyone he sees if they know where Kai has gone would be a good idea. I fold the note and hand it over to the reliever. "Would you take this to Gariel for me? That would be, ah, helpful."

"Oh! Quite!" It speeds out of the office, and then... I'm alone again. With plenty of work to do and some serious catching-up. How could I let myself get so behind because of one stray comment? Nobody's tried to kill me in days, I'm reasonably sure none of my colleagues are plotting my downfall, and I bet I can send that reliever down the Bazaar to pick up a cup of coffee for me. It's time to get down to business.

My left arm is broken. They'll probably heal it again, but it's nothing that's going to kill me so I'm low priority. The Impudite's dragged the Habbalite outside to yell at her, you'd think she would have caught on by now, but... yeah. Self-control of a gerbil. I got her this time before she could read me anything more that I don't want to hear. It was worth it. But I wish my arm would stop hurting. How am I going to punch anyone with that?

I suppose I could beat someone to death with my own arm, but that's not much fun.

The Balseraph's been pointedly ignoring me since they left him in here alone. Three of them, one of me, and I can still manage to find a way to annoy every one of them; Hell's not exactly sending its best and its brightest against me. On the other spoke, it's not like they're trying to kill my vessel. That would easy. One gun, bang bang, and I'm waking up next to my Heart in Heaven. I don't want to lose this vessel, but I'd be out of here and not causing problems for anyone else.

Taunting Balseraphs is harder than with Habbalah. The cracks aren't so obvious. They think they're telling the truth, but there's not a lot for me to work with. And he's much better at ignoring me than the other two are.

I wonder who else is out there waiting that I haven't seen yet. No, I'm not going to think about that, because there's no way I can plan for how to deal with the complete unknown. "Don't suppose you have the time?" I ask, but he ignores me. I'm starting to lose track, here. I think... they would have noticed I'm gone by now, right?

I am so. So. Bored. And my arm hurts. And the boring? Still here. Not going anywhere. Nowhere at all. I wonder how long it would take to chip through the chain with my teeth. Don't think that would work; I mean, it's a decent vessel as these things go, but teeth aren't going to last forever against that chain.

Down goes the paper, and it's time for more fun and games with the Balseraph. I don't know what he's going to try today. Repeating the lies he's already made, or making up new ones... And he really believes it, when he says it. That makes it worse. It's as twisted up as Habbalah thinking they're angels, that Balseraphs can keep on lying and think they're still telling the truth every single time.

He stands further away than he used to. "You're not very good at this," he says, but it's conversational, no weight behind it. "In your position I would know exactly what to do, but all you've managed is to shout and bite and pull at your chains. Pitiful."

"I'm bored," I say, "and you're being boring. What game of Let's Pretend do you have planned for this time? It's not like they last, even when you win the game. It never does last." No wonder Mannie talks about entropy, nothing that demons do lasts. It's like they keep building sandcastles too close to the shore, and wondering why the walls fall down

"Fine," he says, "Let's play a game. I'll tell you the truth, and you'll see if you're smart enough to believe it." Half a step closer, if only he'd take one more step past that. "What you hadn't realized before is that you love me, you'd do anything for me, you just want to make me happy."

When he puts it that way, it makes so much sense. It's a little weird to think about, I thought I would have known if that were true, but it's not like he's an Impudite to be Charming me, so everything's fine. "You're right," I say, "but you ought to get out of here."

He steps close enough to touch me, one hand on my shoulder. "Why would I want to do that? Don't you want me around?"

"Well, sure. But, come on, you're hanging out with demons, and who you're working for? He's going to screw you over if you don't get out of here. I'm not that smart, but I know there are things going on beyond the obvious, if you've worked for him any length of time you must know it too." My hands on his collar to pull him close. "Please. Just get out of here. Step outside when they're distracted, run for it. If this gets as messy as it's looking to be, no one will even notice until you're long gone."

"You're a very strange angel," he says, and removes my hands from his shirt. "Where do you think I ought to run to?"

"A Tether, stupid." I don't mean it as an insult, but he's not listening to me, I don't know when someone else might come back in. "Look, it might take some time, but you can work things out and it will work if you try, they will help you there if you ask. You've got to know of at least one angelic Tether near here--"

He slaps me across the face. "You're doing this wrong," he says, takes a step back. "That's not how it's supposed to happen. You love me."

"Of course I do." He still doesn't get it, how long do I have to explain before someone else comes back in and I lose the chance? I can't hold what he's saying against him, not when he's still this confused. "I just want the best for you. You'll be better there. You can be something real, if you want it and you try. Please listen to me, just think about it, okay?"

"You just want to make me happy," he says. Almost a whisper. "You're lying to me, but you wouldn't do that if you really loved me. You're a fool to think that could ever be good for me."

"I know it's dangerous, but so is staying here." And... I don't love him, do I? Not someone who can convince me, even for a few minutes, that everyone's forgotten about me, that nobody will ever find me here.

He's standing close enough that I could hit him, but it wouldn't be... useful. Satisfying, but not useful. "You don't know that I'm right," I tell him, "but you could."

"Why should I listen to the advice of an idiot like you?" he asks, and then, right, realizes how close he's standing, backpedals until he's halfway across the room. "You wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face."

"Anyone can change," I say. "It's just that most people don't. And if you don't even want to... Well. Nothing I can say to change your mind there." Arm's still broken, but if hold the chain up with my right hand, I can pirouette nicely. The chain's too short to let me pace properly or do any of the interesting steps, but spin? I can spin in one place all day long, if I have to. "Want to play another game?"

What little good mood the interrogation of the Impudite had given to the triad was swept away when they returned to Kai's apartment and found the building in flames, fire trucks working to put out a fire that had already consumed most of the building. A hasty consultation with onlookers and those firefighters who were no longer immediately needed brought up little useful information, save that everyone known to be inside had gotten out safely.

"Coincidence?" Nomikos asked, the three of them standing far enough from the curious onlookers to have some privacy, while still keeping an eye on the situation. "It seems unlikely."

"There's little means to track him with the Song of Affinity if all his possessions are destroyed," Dedan said unhappily, and shoved his hands into his pockets as if he might find answers there. "And who knows where he's hidden his Heart? The Halls of Creation are seldom willing to reveal their hiding places to Judgment."

"If this is the work of the enemy, it seems they want to keep him hidden away," Nomikos said. "If they had already killed his vessel and sent him back to his Heart, there would be no reason for this beyond spite, and I don't believe we're dealing with anything so simple as that. I wish the Impudite had known more."

"You believe it is an attempt to force Maharang back into their grasp, then?" Dedan frowned deeply. "To think that a single Lilim could cause so much trouble."

"A single Lilim, two Servitors of the Wind, and an Ofanite who only wanted to help," Nomikos said. "The situation is not so easy to blame as you would like to make it." He shrugged, watching the firefighters put out the last of the flames. "We were assigned to watch Kai for signs of weakness, to ensure that he was not, in the absence of his Superior, in danger of heresy or a Fall. Wherever he may be now, it seems likely it is unhealthy for his spiritual well-being. It would fall within the range of our responsibility to remove him from that situation, just as it would for us to bring him back to Heaven if we felt his Earthly assignment were causing him to slide. Is this not true?"

"I concur," said Dedan. "We must find him and bring him back."

Adala rubbed her head. "We are all concerned for him, but we cannot take on a task so large as that without any consultation. This is not the same as escorting a weak Servitor back to Heaven to his Superior, or even bringing an angel in for a trial. I fear that we have already overstepped our boundaries. We must report back and seek guidance."

"Most Holy," said Dedan, "time is of the essence here."

"But to act hastily could be to act wrongly," Adala said firmly. "We will return at once and urgently request guidance."

The other two agreed to this plan, and turned towards the nearest Tether to return to Heaven.

Once an appointment had been made to discuss the matter, the three of them waited in a large waiting room near to where they would be called, and attempted to perform other small administrative tasks in the meantime. None of the three had an easy time of this.

During this time a Cherub not of Judgment approached the triad, and, after confirming that they were indeed the ones she was looking for, laid her ears back flat against her head and said to Dedan:

"You half-witted blithering idiot and sorry excuse for a proper Cherub. I'd expect better of a Judge, of all people. What were you thinking? And I say this with the assumption that you were thinking at all, for I have serious doubts on the matter. Stay away from my attuned, if you can't refrain from being harmful to him."

Dedan's jaw dropped, and he stood up, shaking his mane. "You must be mistaken--"

"Most certainly not." The Cherub, her form that of a quagga, stamped a hoof at him. "Of all the Servitors I would expect such behavior from, Judgment was second to last. I can hardly believe you would come and harass someone newly redeemed, who has already been proven by the Symphony and my Archangel to be worthy of bringing here. It is not right of you."

Dedan growled. "Your attuned has been corrupting a Servitor of Creation who needs no such bad influences--"

"Corrupting? He's doing no such thing, especially while he's here! What call do you have to go places that aren't your business--"

"The well-being of certain people is our business--"

"You haven't been assigned to my attuned, and have no reason to be interfering with his--"

Nomikos and Adala looked to each other, and then went back to their work. Though they did continue to listen, especially as the argument grew louder and more heated. "I'm only glad this is taking place here rather than on the corporeal plane," Nomikos said softly to Adala, after a particularly strident outburst from Dedan defending the need to test the newly-redeemed for weaknesses that might lead them towards temptation. "However, as long as they are occupied, should I get us some popcorn?"

"I do not see how popcorn would benefit this situation," Adala said.

Nomikos shook his head. "Never mind." He went back to working on his notes related to another assignment.

An older reliever, its wings already starting to show traces of feathers about the edges, approached Adala and nodded politely. "Most Holy," it said, "she is ready to see you now. Please follow me." It paused, shook its wings, and leaned in closer to continue in a softer voice. "Are they... supposed to be doing that? It seems irregular. And disruptive."

"Dedan," said Nomikos, as he stood up. "We have been called in, and do not have time for this distraction."

The two Cherubim glared at each other. "We ought to continue this discussion later," said Dedan, and turned to walk away stiffly.

"Agreed," said the other Cherub, and she left the plaza without another word to any of the others who remained there.

The triad entered the office of the Seraph who waited for them. She set aside the files she had been reviewing. "It appears that your assignment, in relation to this Ofanite of Creation, was to watch for signs of potential heresy or weakness, and report on these or take immediate corrective steps as required. Were all of you appraised of this when it began?"

The three of them agreed that yes, this was what they had been told.

"And yet in the last several weeks the three of you have devoted an unusually large amount of time, even to the point of canceling other appointments, to finding and securing this particular Ofanite. It would appear that right now the request you've presented asks for further time spent on this particular angel, to the exclusion of other arranged duties. Is this correct?"

Somewhat more uncomfortably, three of them agreed that yes, this did summarize their recent activities and their submitted request.

"You," said the Judge, affixing each of them in turn with her gaze, "have allowed your personal, subjective emotions to run rampant in this manner. Your duty is not to rescue, nor to pursue, but to examine, evaluate, and come to appropriate conclusions. What conclusion have you come to in this situation?"

Nomikos and Dedan turned to Adala. She opened her mouth, closed it, and opened it again. "We... have concluded that someone ought to rescue Kai?"

"Very well, then. This is a conclusion. And what do you do with this conclusion?" A direct gaze at Nomikos.

"Report them, Most Holy," Nomikos said. "...unless they require immediate action?"

"But this is not immediate, so evidently immediate action was not required. Now you have reported your conclusion. Guardian, what do you do after reporting your conclusion?"

The Cherub shifted on his paws. "We... usually continue on to our next subject of investigation. But--" He silenced under her gaze.

"All of you understood these procedures? There was not, in the decades you worked together, anything which caused you confusion as to the workings of these things? Was there perhaps some event not worthy of a report which threw your instructions into a different light?"

The triad mumbled various things of no great clarity regarding this issue, Adala most briefly.

"In that case," said the Seraph who sat before them, "I may only conclude that the three of you have overstepped your bounds, neglected your duties, and allowed personal preferences to overshadow what you should have been doing. This conclusion was almost in doubt until I heard a disturbance outside while considering the issue."
?Dedan shuffled his feet, and stared at the floor. Wisely enough, he did not say "She started it," though his thoughts did follow a similar pattern.

"In consequence," said the Judge, "the three of you will be reassigned to different triads, after a period of reflection on the duties you have been neglecting. It is to be hoped that in this manner you all might learn from the experience and not fall into sloth or distraction." Her tone eased slightly. "No doubt all of you had the best intentions in this matter, but good intentions are not sufficient when justice is called for. Any of you who choose to continue a relationship with this angel of Creation may do so on your own time, so long as it does not interfere with your new duties." It waited a moment longer for any protests, but there were none. "Are there any questions?"

"No," said Nomikos, and bowed properly, and left the office.

"No," said Adala, and bowed properly, and left the office.

Dedan lingered, and said, "Most Holy, I am entirely subjective in this, but I am concerned for the safety of that angel."

"Understood," said the Seraph, and its tone was not unkind. "Details of the situation and your investigation have been passed on to appropriate parties, and it will be dealt with. But the Ofanite is not an attuned of yours, is it?"

"No, Most Holy," said the Cherub, and he bowed his head, and padded out of the office as well.

The reliever brings me another cup of coffee; I'm starting to run out of errands for it to do. This is bad, because it's about to start that conversation again--

"I want to be a Bright Lilim," it chirps at me, hanging over my shoulder on the back of my chair. "That's what I'll be when I fledge!"

"You can't be a Bright Lilim. Why not choose another Choir? Elohite, maybe." I try a different Choir suggestion each time, in case one will click. So far it's rejected Cherub, Malakite, Seraph, Ofanite, and Menunite.

"Nah, that's too boring. I wanna be a Bright Lilim!"

"You can't, kid. The only way to be a Bright Lilim is to start off as a Lilim." It drops down onto my desk in the middle of my notes, and gives me a blank look. "And they're demons."

"That's bad?"

"Right. That's bad."

It wrinkles up its tiny face. "But I wanna be a Bright Lilim!"

"But you can't."

"I can't?"

"No."

"Okay." Back up to over my shoulder on the back of my chair. I finish two more paragraphs on my report before I hear the inevitable, plaintive "But why not?"

I'm about half an hour from standing in the hallway outside and shouting, "A Force, my kingdom for an Ethereal Force!" It's not that imps and gremlins in Hell couldn't be just as annoying, but those that were got ripped apart by someone before they reached this point of repetition. The combination of chipper helpfulness and the attention span of a goldfish wears on my patience. Jean could graft another Force onto the kid, if I could come up with something to offer in return. It's worth consideration.

Zif walks in to stop beside me. "How are you feeling?"

"Much better, thank you." Little thoughts in the back of my brain are still fretting over what Kai might be up to, but I can push those back until they don't distract me. It's not much worse than trying to work on a project when I know everyone working for me actively conspires to sabotage the process. "Have you, ah, heard anything about Kai?"

Zif shakes her head. "Only that he wasn't at home, and a triad showed up, so the matter was turned over to them."

"Ah. I see." Which means I'm not going to get any information at all if they can help it, knowing the triad in question. If I were allowing myself to follow old behavioral patterns, I could think of several ways to get around this and find the information I need. Trying to be a proper angel is remarkably inconvenient. "You'll let me know if you hear more?"

"Yes," she says, but doesn't leave. Instead she peers at the reports I'm working on, and at the reliever hanging over my shoulder, who's been quiet and observant since she arrived. I should get visitors in here more often. "You've been doing good work," she says. "But it's been very basic. Do you feel up to working on more complicated projects yet?"

I touch the back of my head, as if that's where the Ethereal Force was ripped away, an invisible itch. "I haven't been able to identify all of what I, ah, lost. Forgot. But I'd like to work on something more complex than my current tasks. If I find I'm not up to the challenge yet, I'd let my supervisor know."

"Very well," she says. "I'll pass along your opinion on the matter. And do let me know if anyone else attempts to harass you; they've no cause to be distracting you from your duties."

"I think I can handle it now," I say, but she's not satisfied with that. "I will let you know."

"Good," she says, and leaves.

"That's a Cherub," says a small voice by my right ear.

"Yes, it is. You're sure you don't want to be a Cherub when you fledge?"

"Uh. Maybe. Can I get you more coffee?"

My mug is still half-full, but I can finish it by the time the reliever flies to the nearest lounge and back. Caffeine seems to be the drug of choice in my department, so who am I to fight the trend? "You do that," I say, and get back to work.

Half an hour later -- it must have been distracted on the way -- there's a cup of coffee being offered to me. "Thank you," I say, and the reliever settles down behind me again.

"You're very welcome!" it chirps. And then, "That's a Malakite!"

I really didn't mean to spit coffee over my notes. Those are going to need some re-transcribing. At least I shoved the laptop they gave me well out of the way when I first sat down.

My chair spins. It's handy that way. So I spin around and there's a Malakite in my doorway, all the black feathers in his wings a bit ruffled, as if he's already been annoyed. The one from the triad, whose name I can't remember. The day could hardly get better. At least the Cherub isn't with him. Maybe they're taking turns wandering by to harass me?

"Kid," I say to the reliever, "would you get me more sugar for my coffee?"

"Ohhhh. I forgot!" And it zips away, distracted for the next half hour or so. Plenty of time for this Virtue to berate me and be on his way.

"Do you mind if I sit down?" he asks. I point to the chair shoved in the back of the room, the wrong shape for Zif to ever bother with it. "Thank you," he says, and sits down very neatly. So he's here for an extended diatribe. The day just keeps getting better.

"Can I help you?" All of Zif's words held in my mind, and I have no intention of letting him upset me. Not that I'm sure I can help it, if that's what he wants to do. My mind feels tattered at the edges these days.

"Possibly," he says. He sits there for a moment, as if he's collecting his thoughts as well. This is a waste of my time, but I'm not about to turn my back on a Malakite of Judgment, so I sit there and try not to slouch down in my chair. Zif tells me that my attempts to look small and unthreatening when stressed come from an environment where such was safer, but the habit is now inappropriate. It's a hard habit to break, so I settle for not sitting up quite as straight as he does, leaving him with a few centimeters of height to look down on me from. "Maharang--"

"Please don't call me that." I need to find a new name, if only so that I can leave that one behind. I hate everything that it means. There's no strength in being alone, not here. "Just... call me Mannie. Please." I wish I could remember his name, but when we were introduced I was distracted, and my mind's not quite what it used to be.

"Very well. Then to begin with, Mannie, I ought to apologize for what happened here earlier."

"...er?" I seem to be saying that a lot lately.

"It was inappropriate," he says. I note that he doesn't claim the statement was incorrect, only... inappropriate. I'll take what I can get. "While I was not the one who, mm, made that particular statement, I do feel partly responsible for it." He stops again, and it's visible on his face how he's composing what he wants to say next. I suppose even Malakim have a lot on their minds. "Dedan has been less than objective about Kai of late. But the problem has been addressed, and it shouldn't come up again."

I'm not entirely sure how one addresses an angry Cherub who's obsessing over something. Perhaps with a rolled-up newspaper across the nose. I once had a Djinn as a lab assistant who would only get any work done if treated in that manner... But I suspect things work differently here. "Thank you," I say. "For letting me know." Odd for Judgment to talk to me about their internal affairs, but I don't know what Zif said to them when she left to have a chat. Something precise, to the point, and controlled, no doubt. And because it's starting to bother me to not know it when I've been told once, "I'm afraid I've forgotten your name."

"Nomikos," he says. Fragments of old languages resolve into a translation: lawyer. How appropriate for an angel of Judgment. He shifts in the chair, and still hasn't left, but I'm no longer sure of what he intends. "I'm not here officially," he says, and that's almost reassuring. If Judgment began apologizing to me, I'd really worry about what the world was coming to.

"If so, I appreciate hearing this from you all the more." And now I would like my office to be Malakite-free, thank you very much, but there's no polite way to hint at that.

He fiddles with one of his chains, then folds his hands in front of him as if it were the only way to keep his hands still. "We went looking for Kai," he says abruptly. "And did discover more information. But we've been removed from the investigation, and responsibility for it passed on to someone else."

"Is he..." I have no idea how to finish the sentence, but Nomikos seems to understand anyway, because he shakes his head.

"Someone needs to find him. Someone will do so, no doubt, but it has been made quite clear it won't be us. We are... too subjective, and too involved in the issue."

"Is that such a bad thing?" I want more information. I will get no more information unless he chooses to give it to me. I will keep my temper and be polite, ever so polite.

"It is." All the feathers along the edges of his wings ruffle up, and then settle down again slowly. "We are Judges, and to be subjective is to be distracted, and to be imprecise. It is all very well to be fond of someone, but this is no position from which to determine what a person needs, and not what it simply wants. Subjectivity interferes with interpreting what is best for Heaven overall."

"Trying to be more Elohite?"

"It would be simpler, sometimes," he says, and I blink at the admission. "But I was made Malakite, and must work with what abilities God has given me." He sighs, and his shoulders relax slightly. "And yet, knowing that the matter is out of my hands, I wish to help. It is such a strange thing, to realize how far from a proper distance I've moved. But after hostility and neutrality and suspicion, all the reactions of those who have something to hide and think us unfair, or nothing to hide but believe we would attempt to create charges of sin where there was none... To have someone welcome our visit every time, and to treat us as friends..." He falls silent again.

"It's nice," I say.

A quirk to his lips. "You are a master of understatement."

"Well. Yes. But it's... nice. It's comfortable. It's knowing that no matter what he's been through or what you've been doing lately, he's going to... still be like that." If Kai were here right now, he'd be long bored with the conversation and folding my notes into cranes, or balancing all of my pencils on end. "I am, ah, sorry that you were removed from the investigation. I know I would want to find out where he's gone."

"It's better that someone with less personal involvement handle it." He doesn't sound convinced, and I begin to realize why Kai tried to cook for people. Awkward silences dissolve more easily when one has food and drink to take an interest in. Of course, it could also be that Kai feels obliged, as a Creationer, to keep trying at any art form he's attempted once until he can perform it properly.

I shrug in a noncommittal way. I feel otherwise, but I don't know what sort of trouble Kai's gotten himself into this time either. For all I know he took an urgent call from that stripper saying she needed someone to fill in for a missing dancer. "Did you get any hint on what he's up to? It would be good to know if he left a note."

The Malakite unclasps his hands, and stands up. "You should leave the situation to others, for much the same reason that we -- that I ought to. You're too personally involved to have the necessary perspective."

He didn't answer my question. "What did you find out?" I stand up, no longer particularly interested in looking unthreatening. I couldn't threaten a Malakite if I wanted to.

"It's really not something you ought to worry about," he says. "Someone else will take care of it." I think he's trying to convince himself as much as he is me.

"Please," I say.

Nomikos stares at me for a moment, then shuts the door to my office, and sits down again. "Understand," he says, "that I can only pass on what information isn't strictly confidential. This is not your responsibility, but that of others with more experience in these things."

"Understood." I am seated politely, I have every intention of dealing calmly with this.

"As best as we were able to determine, Kai's been taken by agents of the Game--"

"Because of me." This time it does feel like somebody hit me. He's a sweet little idiot and what the hell is he going to do against the Game? He can barely outthink a reliever, and it's my fault, he never would have crossed their radar if it weren't for me.

"It seems... Well, we couldn't say for sure--"

"I'm going to rip their Forces off. Track them down, go celestial, drag them there too one way or another, and rip their Forces off. Slowly." I don't know why he's looking at me like this. I haven't even raised my voice. "And then when they're entirely out of Forces to rip off, I will go find someone else who was involved in this and start ripping those Forces off and--"

"Mannie, please, calm down." He actually sounds alarmed. No idea why. "Don't you think it's a better idea for you to stay here and let someone else handle--"

"No." My notebook's found its way into my hands, and I begin making notes on how to proceed through this most efficiently. "But thank you for letting me know." I'll have to do this before Zif finds out I'm gone, or she'll worry. Ought to find a babysitter for the reliever. Need to find a way to force any demons involved celestial, though they'll probably jump there if I do. Might be able to borrow a reliquary from, what's her name, Kavita, Creationers tend to have a few of those if no one else does. If I were still working for Vapula I'd have an entire arsenal to play with, but as is, I'll have to come up with something on the fly.

"You realize that this is probably exactly what they want you to do--"

"Doesn't matter what they want." Their plans won't matter once I've finished shredding them. Which might take some time, but I'm willing to take the time necessary to do this job properly. I'm not sure he's quite grasping the situation. "If you'll excuse me, I need to work on some numbers." I'm full up on Essence right now, but I'll need to allocate it carefully if I don't want to run out, especially one Force down; I need to remember that I don't have the Essence that I usually would.

"You don't even know how to find him!"

He's distracting me. It's getting annoying. "Of course I can find him." Must remember to account for the Essence needed for the Song I use to track him down, when figuring these things out. The numbers aren't looking good, but I'm sure I can figure out a few more things. Might even be able to call in a few favors on Earth, if I move fast and they haven't taken him far. No doubt they have a Special Weapons Locker here too, but if I requisition anything they'll ask questions, and I don't have the time.

The door opens, and Zif stands there, a distinctly annoyed expression on her face. How odd. "What are you doing?" she asks, and I'm about to answer when I realize she's talking to the Malakite, not to me.

"Only passing on information," he says, and stands up. "But I'm glad you're here. You can talk him out of this."

Zif shakes her head at the two of us. "I don't know precisely what the two of you are doing, but it's putting you in danger, Mannie. Please stop and come speak with me about the matter."

"No time," and would they just stop distracting me? There's too much to do. "I'll explain later..."

"Kai's missing," Nomikos tells her, "and Mannie wants to go rescue the Ofanite himself." Why did he have to do that? It'll only worry her, which I was hoping to avoid.

"Out of the question," Zif says. "Mannie, I understand that you're upset, but this isn't your responsibility."

"Would you stop saying that?" And now I'm shouting. I slam the notebook down on the desk and stand up. "Look. It's simple. If it weren't for me, he wouldn't be in trouble. Therefore it's my responsibility to get him out of trouble. If you two would leave me alone so that I could plan properly, this would go much faster."

"I remembered the sugar this time," says a small voice at the door, and it's the reliever with a cup of coffee. Its face has twisted up anxiously. "Is everything okay?"

I have no idea how to answer that.

"Little Helper," says Zif, "this is a matter for adults. But if you go speak with Gariel, he will have something for you to do, and I will make sure Mannie gets his coffee."

Poor Gariel. Zif passes me the coffee, and now satisfied, the reliever flies away. "You are being unreasonable," Zif continues quietly. She steps into the office and closes the door behind her. "Try to consider this from a more objective direction. It would do no good for either you or Kai if you attempted to rescue him only to be captured by the Game."

"I have no intention of being caught by the Game." I only need more time to plan, which they are not letting me do. "If you would let me be so that I can figure out how to do this best--"

The door swings open again, and this time there's a Cherub I've never seen standing there, a great black cat who pauses to see everyone else in the room. "Virtue," he says sternly to Nomikos, "are you not supposed to be reflecting on certain recent errors?"

"I was, but--" Nomikos gestures helplessly. "Why are you here?"

"I realized that one I was attuned to was in danger," says the new Cherub, and he gives me a pointed look. "I would assume that Zif is here for the same reason."

Two Cherubim attuned to me. There is no way I'm sneaking down to Earth in an inconspicuous manner. "I need to find him." Surely they can understand that much. "This is my fault. I need to do something about it."

"Out of the question," says Zif. "You're projecting your own latent guilt over previous actions onto this single incident, which was entirely out of your control. It will be handled quite properly by..." She stops, and looks to Nomikos. "Who is handling the situation?"

"I have no idea." The Malakite picks up my notebook, and hands it back to me. "Okay, how about this. We'll go find whoever's in charge of getting Kai out, you can give them your input on the matter, and everyone is happy. How does that sound?"

"A bad idea," says the new Cherub. "He ought to stay out of this." I ought to get a name from him, if he's attuned to me. And if he is we must have met once, but I don't recall when. Somewhere in the blur right after redemption, when I was staggering through Heaven trying to adjust to the light and the sounds and the hole in my mind where a Force was -- no. I have better things to think about.

"It would perhaps be better for his state of mind," Zif allows, "and we'll keep him out of any possible danger."

"Majority vote," says Nomikos brightly. He pushes me towards the door; my feet aren't working properly for some reason. "Come on, Mannie, let's go find out who's going to be rescuing Kai."

"Yes," I say, "let's."

I'm starting to get used to what the Habbalite reads to me. It's awful to hear, but it all blends together after a while, and who's to say how much of it is true? I'm starting to get used to the Impudite telling me about what they're doing to my Role, to my kids, to the whole community center. The whole thing is so far trashed that the new details are nothing but details. I'm even getting used to the lies the Balseraph tells me, realizing I've been believing something horrible.

But what worries me is that I'm starting to get used to being chained to the wall.

"Puppy want a treat?" The Habbalite dangles a pen from her fingertips, maybe an inch outside my reach. There's no point in trying to lunge at it, so I... don't. I can't go anywhere. I'm sitting here with my arms over my knees and I can't get anywhere. I can't stop them from doing anything they're doing outside, I can't get back home, I can't do anything. I'm worried about Mannie and I'm a little worried for me, too, and I can't do anything about it.

I gotta learn some Songs. This is just... stupid.

"Puppy doesn't want to play anymore," says the Habbalite. "Pity, that." She puts the pen away inside her jacket. I know the contents of all their pockets, I've been watching where everything goes so that I know how to grab it if I have the chance, but what's the point? I'm not going to have a chance. Even she's staying out of the way this time. Doesn't help that the other two pull her outside any time I make progress on pissing her off.

I wonder if I could gnaw my own wrist off. I mean, they'd have to get close to stop me, and if I got enough damage done I might even get out of this vessel and back to my Heart. Which... would really suck, because it's my last vessel and without the Boss around there's no way I'm getting a new one. I don't want to go into Trauma, I don't want to completely abandon the job I was given, but I'm running out of options.

She crouches down until we're eye level. "Poor little puppy. You know, if you could get that chain off, you could come play. And wouldn't that be fun. Don't you want to try?"

"Shut up." Not the most mature response, or the wittiest. I don't really do witty. That's for people who are smart enough to avoid getting chained up like this in the first place.

"Aw. I think I hurt the puppy's feelings." She's leaning a little forward on her knees, it's almost enough--

I slam up against the end of the chain so hard I fall on my face, but she's out of the way, and laughing. "Can't play unless you get your leash off. Those are the rules of the game."

Back to the wall to wait. Why couldn't they have shot me like any other decent, self-respecting demon would?

"The game is getting old," says the Balseraph. Always with his newspaper. Today's headline turns into thirty-two different words, two of which are properly vile adjectives to apply to the demon reading the paper. "Don't you get tired of that?"

"No," says the Habbalite. "I enjoy it. It's entertaining to watch weak little angels fall down." She smiles at me while she says it.

"As if the world needs another damn Calabite." He turns a page.

"Oh, I find them useful. Point them in the right direction and obstacles melt away. Excellent for getting out of places." I want to stab her in the throat with that pen, poke out her eyes, and write a thousand apologies to the Boss across her with it once her vessel is dead. Another foot closer and I could do it. If I could just get a foot further out...

I'm not going to let myself be tempted. I'm not. I am no damned Calabite to have things decay at my very presence, to take out all my anger on the world around me. I am an Ofanite and I move.

Except for when I don't.

Isn't someone going to notice I'm missing? Surely someone is going to notice I'm gone. Someone.

I don't know what sort of resources Nomikos can draw on for gathering information; he's more polite than any demon of the Game, and certain responses he receives are more hostile than anyone would dare offer to the Game. Such a strange place Heaven is, in unexpected ways. I can't get close to him while he's asking questions, due to the two Cherubim pacing next to me. Doesn't either of them have another job to do? But one way or another Nomikos finds the information he needs, and we're off to the Halls of Creation, which is, though I'd never say so to Kai, not the most creative title out there as Cathedral-naming conventions go. Even "Halls of Progress" has more snap to it.

Zif keeps trying to peek at my notes when she thinks I'm distracted. The other Cherub, who finally introduced himself as Joseph, grumbles about how I shouldn't be involved in any of this. I don't know why he would care, either way; as I recall Cherubim of Judgment don't take dissonance for harm to their attuned anyway, which seems a cop-out, but necessary enough if the Game -- ah, Judgment, that is -- needs to track the bad as well as the good.

I'm not sure which category he believes I fall into.

Other places of Heaven have been quiet out of reverence, or attention to work. These halls seem quiet from neglect, their Archangel having been absent for so long. Nomikos leads us down winding hallways past empty rooms, unused equipment, and nearly no people. The occasional blessed soul gives greeting as we move on, a few relievers chirping as they fly by... But these halls are wide enough to accommodate throngs. They must have, once.

Finally a closed door, and a Kyriotate standing in front -- floating in front -- well, one has a hard time telling what a Kyriotate is doing, but it's definitely in front of the door. I wholeheartedly approve of Kyriotates; compared to Shedim, they're fluffy bundles of love. Multi-part love. "This is a private meeting," it says, manifesting a few mouths to frown at us. "May I direct you elsewhere?"

"It's not official business," says our friendly neighborhood Malakite, and he makes a small bow. "But I think we might assist. Arranging for a rescue operation for an Ofanite who's managed to get in over its head, correct?"

Eyes pop out of the Kyriotate's mass. "All four of you?"

"Well, no." Nomikos puts a hand on my shoulder and steers me gently away from the Cherubim who flank me. "Mannie here would like to contribute to the discussion. I'm only leading the way. Would you mind if the two of us joined the conversation for a few minutes?"

Part of the Kyriotate slides between the cracks of the door, and then after a moment, pulls back out again. "If you really think it would be helpful, go ahead."

"You are not going to let him agree to anything dangerous," says Joseph to Nomikos, in a stern voice that leads me to suspect the Cherub ranks higher than the other angel of Judgment.

"Don't worry," says Nomikos, and the two of us step inside.

So far I've visited stylish little coffee shops, the comfortable lounges back in the Halls of Progress, and the austere realm of Judgment. This room would make a Servitor of Lust blush. Cushions and tapestries and carpets, a rug that reaches up to nuzzle at my ankles. The lighting hovers in that realm that hints at intimacy without making anything difficult to see. In the center of the room, four angels lounge about, though they seem intent on the conversation at hand. Mercurian, Ofanite, another Kyriotate, and... Malakite. One I recognize, even.

If looks could kill, the glare Kelly gives me as I sit down would be breaking the Pax Dei right now. I can't blame her, seeing how I convinced Kai to ditch her and Jack because I wanted help without dealing with their opinions of me. Not my most honorable moment. If perhaps one of the most fun at the time.

"Sorry to bother you," Nomikos says, dropping gracefully down onto one of the cushions, as if it's the most natural environment for a Malakite of Judgment to find himself in. I take a seat near him, making sure he's between Kelly and me. "Please, do continue, and we'll lend what assistance we can."

"I heard you were supposed to be reflecting on your bad behavior," Kelly says to Nomikos, "not continuing in it." I believe this is the Malakite equivalent of "My computer is faster than yours is."

Nomikos somehow manages to resist saying, "At least I still have a vessel." I wouldn't have been able to do the same, in his situation.

"Hush," says the Kyriotate. "We're trying to be expedient here. Once we find Kai, the situation will change depending on where they're holding it."

"If it's anywhere isolated, it would be easiest to torch the whole place," Kelly says. "One sufficiently large explosion and he's kicked back to his Heart, problem solved."

"You can't just kill his vessel," I protest.

"Why not? That's more efficient than getting embroiled in who knows what kind of mess, and it's not like vessel-death is that hard to get over," Kelly says.

"I suppose you'd know by now with all the experience you've had," I say, and Kelly starts to stand up. The Mercurian beside her pulls her back down.

The inner wheels of the Ofanite spin slowly inside its rim. "It's difficult to plan much of use until we know where it's being kept. Our first priority should be discovering that. By the time we do track it down, all sorts of things may have changed. Not that its Heart was much use in giving us any information. They knew better than to put him in a place with useful visual clues."

"I can find him." All of them staring at me now. If only the cushion I'm on were soft enough to let me sink through the floor entirely. It's about to get worse. "Song of Affinity. I can lead anyone you send along straight to him, if you'll let me."

"You have something of his? This is quite useful. We though that route was closed when his apartment was burned," says the Kyriotate. All of Kai's toys, up in flames... I wonder what else they've done to the kid. Entirely unfair. I'm trying to distract myself, am I not? "But there's no need for you to come along, if you let us borrow it for long enough that someone else can use that Song."

Yes. Distinctly awkward. "It's. Ah." All of them still staring at me. "I kept... one Geas hook. Just the one. So that I could find him, if I needed to." Zif says honesty towards one's peers is good for the soul, but nothing in their expressions makes me feel good. "I didn't mean... I only wanted to be able to find him again."

"You shouldn't have," says Kelly. I've worked with less corrosive acid than her voice.

"No. But it's a good thing I did." I'm surprised my hands aren't shaking. I'd like to spend several quiet minutes working out flow-charts on my notebook until I can think straight again. "So I need to come along to help."

"Oh, the Cherubim aren't going to like this," Nomikos says.

A brief buzz as three people talk over each other at once, and then the others are discussing plans, figuring out... strategy. I don't really do strategy, or tactics. I'm better at schematics.

"This is your fault," says Kelly.

"I know."

It's not enough to satisfy her. I'm not sure she'll ever let me make up for this. But she has her Malakite's pride to satisfy on contributing to the discussion, so she leaves off on glaring at me to suggest various plans, most of them centering around explosions. One-track mind, that one. I wish she'd shift the track away from me for a while.

At yet another suggestion involving explosives, the Kyriotate sighs irritably through several mouths. "It's not the habit of the Game to locate themselves in an isolated area where we can simply blow things up and be done," it says. "They're more likely to be in the basement of a children's hospital, or the back room of a homeless shelter. We need to work on the assumption that this will have to be fast as possible, reasonably subtle, and working around innocent bystanders."

"Locate, swing in with a silenced gun, and then run?" Kelly suggests, though she seems disappointed that the operation doesn't look to involve any explosions.

I turn to Nomikos. "Am I the only one here who's bothered by the idea of a rescue operation where Plan A starts with shooting the hostage?"

"Mm, well. Sometimes it's the best choice of a list of bad ones." He stands up, and nods to the others. "I'm not sure we can contribute more at this point. Let us know when you've come to a decision and need to start tracking." And with an iron grip on my arm, he hauls me up and back out of the room.

"I could have helped," I say, as he drags me along past Zif and Joseph. "I'm not stupid."

"No, but you're too involved," the Malakite says. His grip loosens slightly, but he's not letting go of me yet. "You can't get any proper perspective on the matter."

"So on the one hand everyone's telling me to care about people and not be so wrapped up in myself, and on the other hand it's a bad idea when I try to do so?" If I'm not in there to help them plan, they might well be doing it wrong, and how can I tell when I'm out here?

"Excuse us a moment," Nomikos says, and pulls me off into one of the great silent rooms in these halls. This one holds a forge, anvil, bellows, all the workings for a proper blacksmith and no one here to work them. When I was first made these sorts of things were still useful, and I spent a year or two learning the basics, finding out how delicate of pieces you could make with such bulky equipment as this. Obsolete knowledge lingering in the back of my mind.

"This is the part where you tell me I'm being unreasonable," I say. A Malakite wouldn't understand what vessel-death is like; they bounce right back, unconcerned with the whole affair.

"Let me tell you about Judgment," Nomikos says. He leans back against the anvil, his chains clinking lightly against the metal. "Now, most of the time you're dealing with pleasant people who have done nothing wrong, or angry, defensive people who have something to hide. This is simple. The difficult part comes when you're dealing with angry, defensive people who have done nothing wrong, or pleasant people who have. If I let my emotional reactions to either of these sway me too much, I'm in danger of judging poorly."

"Very Elohite."

"And it's very Malakite to keep a promise, and very Cherub to care for one's friends, and very Ofanite to get places quickly, but this doesn't prevent such things from being an admirable trait for anyone else, does it?" He holds up a hand. "Let me finish. Now, the reason they broke up my triad was because all of us had become so, mm, fond of Kai, that we could no longer judge him effectively. What if he had starting sliding into dissonance,? We might have excused it where we wouldn't have for anyone else, because we like him and know he means well. But in doing so we would have put him in even more danger, to not get him the help that he needed."

"Help meaning being hauled back to Heaven and put on trial."

"Maybe. Or maybe only a stern warning and sending him to a Tether to work the dissonance off. It depends." Nomikos lets out a long, slow breath. "Mannie, I know that it's a popular sport to paint Judgment as the bad guys, but we're trying to help. Not always the individual, no, but overall, we're trying to make things better, just as much as, as Flowers or Trade or Lightning. One way that we can help is to see things that someone's friends might not see, and to be able to see through what a person's enemies would like to believe."

"And you think I'm being... subjective."

"I could hardly blame you for it," he says, and offers me an actual smile. "Let me put it this way. Those who took Kai expect you to come running to his rescue, correct?"

"Of course. I mean, of course I would, but--"

"Right. Which means they're prepared for that. Now, if we take out Kai's vessel... this isn't a good thing, no, but it would get him out of the situation, and you wouldn't be tempted to get any closer than necessary. Which makes it easier to protect you from whatever they had in mind." Black feathers ruffle along his wings, lay back down slowly; it seems to mean about the same thing as when a Balseraph's wings start twitching, that it's just thought of something disconcerting. "And what would Kai think if the Game caught you because you were trying to rescue him?"

The look on his face after he stabbed Kelly, and her a Malakite able to jump right back... "He'd hate himself for it." And think it was his fault, for all that he couldn't help it. I can't do that to him. But I need to find him, and if I let everyone else do it without me, they might screw it up. "So I'll... help find him. And stay out of the way. And let everyone else do whatever it is they have planned." Up until they start messing up, at least, at which point I can make sure things work.

"Good." He steers me back to Zif and Joseph. They're waiting in the hall, Joseph grumpy and Zif the model of objective serenity. I'm pushed around a lot of late. "I would be happier accompanying you all, if I may be candid," Nomikos says, "but I'm supposed to be reflecting, and would have a hard time explaining to my superiors how that meshes with participating in a raid Earth-side. Please let me know how everything turns out." So formal, and yet even I can hear what he means, behind his words. I think... I think he feels much the same way I would right now, if I had to wait in Heaven for news of this.

"It would be best if you went now," says Joseph. And him I don't like much at all. How long are they going to keep two Cherubim attuned to me anyway? It's not as if I'm about to run off and do anything stupid.

...aside from this whole excursion, true, but I like it here. So far as I know, nobody is trying to take credit for work I've done, they don't insist I do my work on the computer, and the clock on my wall isn't counting down to a deadline. Two Cherubim seems like overkill. If, ah, possibly very convenient, shortly.

Nomikos bows. "Certainly, Guardian." Then he's off striding away through empty halls until the last black blot of his wings rounds the corner.

"I don't like any of this plan," says Joseph, "but if everyone else is dead-set on it, well, I'll assist as best I can. But my priority has to be his safety." He doesn't look at me when he says that. I'm really feeling the affection.

The Kyriotate from the door oozes towards us. "They're ready to go," one of its mouths says.

About time.

Kelly's new vessel is of a woman in her late twenties, a figure somewhere between athletic and statuesque, and not what I would call inconspicuous. Apparently she made up to her Superior. I hope she made up in full; having the Malakite of the group nervous about losing her vessel could be inconvenient. The Ofanite's form is a thin, bright-eyed man, dressed for business with a white shirt and tie. And the Mercurian, an elegant woman in celestial form, is a chubby teenager. They've been following my lead for a drive where the three cars employed never took the same route, though we've all ended up here together.

Zif and I are the same as always. Joseph's wearing the body of a stocky middle-aged man, looking as annoyed as he did back in Heaven. The Kyriotate, as near as I can figure, is currently two hamsters, two pigeons, and a young cat. What a rescue party we are. I'd feel safer with a team of -- well, no, I wouldn't feel safer with any of my old coworkers or anything Vapulan at my back, not unless I'd designed the tech myself. And even then only if no one else had touched it since I finished.

I've followed this Song to old enemies before, to people who owed me and hated me for it, or to someone indifferent to the whole matter and annoyed to have the debt called in. Half my mind tries to interpret the tug as a favor waiting to be called in, and the other half of my mind is beating that half over the head with something blunt and reminding me that this is Kai we're looking for.

I need to find Zif's office and have a long talk with her when this is over. She probably has a couch in there. It might be nice to lie down on a couch and be angelically honest at her. It would be a change of pace. Not that my life has had a chance to fall into monotony and routine, of late.

"How far now?" They put me in the front seat of the car Zif is driving, but the Mercurian keeps leaning past Joseph to hang over my shoulder from the back seat. "Or do we need to triangulate more?"

"Less than three hundred meters, and slightly downwards." Close enough that I'd be out of the car already if I didn't have two Cherubim sitting this near to me. To the hamster riding on my shoulder, "Is that enough information that you can pinpoint the place?" We're driving through a dingy part of town, not quite a slum but full of high-occupancy buildings that haven't been painted recently. At this time of day the street is nearly empty, convenient to avoid onlookers but not much for keeping us from standing out. They won't let me get any closer than this, not without knowing who's watching. I suspect we've been spotted already, but every time I point this out Zif only tells me there's no reason to take unnecessary risks.

The hamster squeaks in the affirmative. Zif slows the car, and the Mercurian jumps out. She gives us a cheery wave, and goes strolling down the street as if to meet a friend. Lucky her. Gets to go save the day, while I get to hide out somewhere else with two Cherubim watching me as if I'm about to... well. As if I'm about to do any of the things I keep considering doing.

I still can't believe they want to shoot him. I never gave much thought to angelic rescue squads before, but when I did I didn't imagine them taking out the person they were rescuing.

I have a hard time remembering what I thought about angels. That was such a recent change, but it's like one of those pictures where a scramble of odd blots suddenly looks like a proper picture, and once you've seen it that way you can't stop seeing the picture that was there all along.

We're moving further away from Kai now. "Zif--"

"We're moving you to someplace safe," she says. "If there were a Tether nearby, we'd be taking you back. As it is, we'll remain here until they're finished, and then assist them in leaving. Dora will let us know if the situation changes." The hamster squeaks its affirmation.

"How far away is safe?" The pull towards that hook stretches thinner the further we go. Sooner or later the rubber band will snap.

Zif swings the car into a parking garage, punches herself a ticket on the way in. "Not too public," she says, "and not too far."

The space she stops in is at the roof. I climb out of the car before the engine's off. Dora-hamster peers out of my jacket pocket, the place where I used to keep an artifact that might or might not have been made by Eli. I wish I'd brought the paper crane; it would make me feel... not safer, but like everything would turn out well. I want to find these people, pull their Forces off, hurt them for what they've done to Kai, but... two Cherubim. They're not letting me go anywhere.

The parking garage is quiet, even with the way it echoes every footstep. Zif and Joseph take up positions facing either direction that cars could approach. There's nothing inconspicuous about the way they stand and watch, but maybe that's just as well.

I hate the waiting. I hate not having any influence on what's happening next. I hate not knowing, not doing, not anything at all but waiting. And horribly, selfishly, I hate that it isn't going to be me who rescues him. At least I won't be the one shooting him.

Dora-hamster scrambles up my jacket to sit by my ear.

Hello, Mannie, says the voice in my head, and I twitch. I've never quite gotten used to the Ethereal Song of Tongues, especially the uncomfortable way it crawls in the back corners of my mind.

Hello, Dora. What are you doing in here? I politely suppress the additional "And please get the Hell out again."

Progress reports. I thought you'd like to know how things are going, so that you don't need to worry. I have all sorts of views of the situation, so fret not. Two of three heading in the front door, third watching around the back. No surveillance noted yet, but then, it can be hard to tell. I'm winging in to take a closer look.

"Dora's keeping us updated?" Zif asks, and I nod. "Good. Let us know if the situation changes in an unusual manner."

So. Anything unusual?

Everyone's inside. I'll see if I can get in through any of the back windows; there's at least one that's smashed. Or, hey, I can open the door. Hi, kid... It goes silent for a moment, presumably dealing with host-juggling to get inside the building. Kid shouldn't be wandering around without supervision, not at this age. Someone walking down the street in front, doesn't look like anyone I need to worry about yet, but, hey, heading inside. A longer pause, until I'm starting to pace in tight circles around the car, dodging Zif on one side and Joseph on the other. I still don't hear anything from downstairs. I'll look for the stairs and follow down. Hey, that's--

"That's what?" Joseph looks at me. "I think the Song ran out. Middle of a sentence." And no doubt any minute now the Kyriotate will be back in my head, with more details.

But it isn't.

"I need to know what's going on. Where is it?"

"Perhaps it's distracted?" Zif offers.

"It's a Kyriotate. How do you distract a Kyriotate?" Grab one of its hosts and force it to work on preventing damage there, provide a situation where it needs all its Essence to solve a problem. The hamster wanders about on my shoulders, showing no signs of having anything more than animal intelligence to it. Dora is pulling its Forces elsewhere. I pick it up and set it down on the hood of the car. "Fuck this."

I haven't half the speed Kai could manage in a situation like this, but I do have the advantage of surprise. I'm all the way to the stairs before they follow. I'll have to apologize to Zif at length, but I can't just wait here. Over the railing and down the stairs, out the door to the ground floor and off towards the street. The two of them are gaining on me, Joseph shouts something I can't make out with a door between us, but I need to know. I need to do something.

Out onto the street, but before I can get past the sidewalk someone grabs my wrist, and I'm swung about to face a man who I don't know, though I can guess certain affiliations from the circumstances. "Time to come home," he says, a nasty grin.

"Tell them that," I say, and as two angry Cherubim slam into him, he loses hold of my wrist, and I'm off across the street, no traffic to slow me down. Stupid, but I can't count on everyone being stupid. I don't know who else is waiting for me; Zif and Joseph will be distracted for a while, especially if they keep things discreet. Might be too late for that. I can't find it in myself to care.

Down the block, around the corner. I slow to a brisk walk, trying to keep an eye out for signs of new danger, but I don't see anyone else on the street. I pass the door to the building the first time, turn back when I realize that's the only way to continue in the direction I'm being pulled.

The door's unlocked. Convenient. I know this is a trap, but then, I knew this whole situation was from the first time I calmed down enough to think it through. Well. I'll find out what they have planned for me, and then I can show them what I have planned for them.

A jangle of disturbance rings from down the hallway, around a corner where a faded sign points to "Offices." I follow it to find a bulky man with his arms wrapped around a child, maybe five years old, who kicks viciously in his arms but doesn't bother to make a sound. The man stares at me as I approach, something slimy creeping about behind his eyes. "About time you showed," he says, and slams the child against the wall. More disturbance rattling the air, and Dora-child struggles in his arms. "We were starting to wonder if you'd decided to keep running instead." No sign of Kelly or the others, and the tug of Kai's hook still pulls me forward. No vessel death for him yet.

"And yet here I am." I have more to lose than the Shedite does, but it can't kill my vessel without losing me. I'd rather not kill the human it's riding if I can help it, but I have more important things to worry about than one potential death. Besides, once we've cleaned this up I can heal any damage I do. Why didn't anyone give me a gun? More disturbance rattling from further ahead, and that must be them.

The man slams Dora-child into the wall. The jangles are starting to overlap, enough noise to let Zif and Joseph know something is going on here. He doesn't seem to notice when the child bites at his arms hard enough to draw blood. "And here we are. How would you like to play this game?" He's waiting for me to try to attack, pit my pathetic corporeal strength against his, and with confidence like that no doubt there's another demon waiting to help the moment I try that move, or he'd not be paying so little attention to the Kyriotate struggling in his arms. Dora must have already tried to force its way into the Shedite's host as well, but it seems that was no use.

I don't want to play the game they've prepared for me; I know how weak I am when in this body. I drop a note of Essence, and with it my vessel. I'll aid Dora later; it can take care of itself, especially once this demon is distracted.

The man's jaw drops, he stands there clutching the child and staring at who I am. I don't believe it expected me to have made it this far, to show myself Bright Lilim. In celestial form, I walk through the two of them and on towards the tug of that hook.

Through the door to the basement stairs; the disturbance behind me, almost lost in the noise from what lies ahead, could be Dora's host or the Shedite's being mangled, or it could be the Shedite pulling free from the human it rides to follow me. If it's the former, Zif and Joseph will aid Dora when they get close; if the latter, I'd best keep moving. I head down the dark stairs to another door. This one was locked, once, but there are only broken remains to the doorknob now. No matter; in this form I can walk through it.

A single bare bulb hangs in the ceiling, swinging wildly, and in the corner a lamp's been knocked on its side. Kelly is down on the ground with someone beneath her, her knife flashing; one demon I can discount. The Ofanite and Mercurian tangled up with two others; two more to be ignored for the moment. In the back of the room, a bare stretch of floor and... Kai, one arm chained to the wall and another dangling awkwardly at his side, straining desperately against the chain as if he could join into the fray by sheer force of will. A red patch on his chest shows where a bullet hit, not the right place to kill the vessel, and his eyes wear the distant confusion of someone trying to convince himself that surely his friends didn't do that.

Dreadful touch lunging at me, and Nomikos was right, I shouldn't have let myself be distracted by personal matters. The Shedite has shaken off the surprise, abandoned its human to lurch towards me, all its slimy bits moving at different speeds in a horrible mass. I hated them in Hell, and I continue to hate them here, disgusting creatures that live only to corrupt. It lashes out at me, tentacles forming from the muck, and I ought to be terrified, I ought to be running, but I... don't have the time. Other things to worry about. So I slip out of the way of that thing, spread my wings, and play the game I want to play.

I can't fight well, not on the corporeal plane. I make no secret of it. But it's their mistake if people choose to believe I can't hold my own when celestial.

My hands rip through the Shedite, and it screams at me, attacks more furiously than its original careless pawing. Where it manages to hit its touch burns, and I don't want to lose Forces again -- but I have work to do. Both my hands dig into the center of the thing, teeth appear about my hands to bite at me, but I tear away bits of its mass, pull it one way and another into confusion.

A bright tumultuous mass tumbles down the stairs and joins me, Dora lending its claws and hands to the work before us. "Not so tough when you're not corrupting someone's soul, are you?" one of its mouths snarl, and it's gratifying that someone else is taking this as personally as I am. Though it's distracting when another of Dora's mouths simultaneously makes disgusted noises at having to touch this thing.

Through Shedite and Kyriotate I see the Mercurian gesture, and a cube of quartz appears in the air above the demon she's been tangling with, slams down to the ground with suddenly bloodier vessel beneath it. Satisfying. I shall have to ask Kai if he knows that trick.

Mouths form all along the Shedite's body, shrieking as the two of us methodically pull it apart. "You can't run forever," it cries to me, "we will find you." Another of its mouths begins to chant, calling for the help of its Demon Prince.

"I'm not running." Another handful of goop, duck a tentacle that lashes out unevenly towards my face. "And now that you've found me, what do you expect to do with me?" How long does it take to call Asmodeus into a room full of angels, and what would he do once he arrived? I'd rather not find out.

The door to the basement, already battered, dissolves into fragments. A woman steps through the door, surveys the situation, her face blanking for a moment as she sees me. Then the moment is over, she drops her vessel to show her true form, leathery wings spreading behind her. She sneers at me and raises one red hand. "Burn."

In corporeal form, it would be a slam of power into my body, leaving me frayed and bloody. In celestial form it's worse, the power of it ripping into my soul. Forces frayed after changing who I am shudder under it, and I can't help the step back. I don't want to lose Forces again. I'm tired of losing who I am, ripping away bits of my soul like so many lost memories. But I can't let the Shedite finish its call, or we're all in trouble.

Zif steps through the doorway behind the Calabite, vessel falling away to leave her a winged quagga with dainty hooves stepping towards us. Her ears point sharply forward, and then the Shedite's voices break off as blue lightning crackles around it, electricity in celestial form. Beautiful, it's beautiful, I can only hope some day I can do the same. But right now there's someone dangerous contend with. Let Zif and Dora finish off the Shedite. I throw myself at the Calabite, and hope she's one of the sort that's so focused on the corporeal realm she barely remembers how to fight in this form.

No such luck, despite the odds being in my favor on that guess. She claws me across the chest, tangles me up in the fight until I no longer remember which way gravity points, only where she is in front of me. "Burn," she hisses again, and this time I throw it back at her, watch her face twist as she spins her resonance around the room until it can land somewhere again. Dora yelps behind me, and I didn't mean for that to happen, but I have urgent matters at hand, foot, throat.

"I will drag you back to Hell to face my Master," she whispers, hands around my throat, that it's only symbolic in this form is no help in pushing her away. "He will rip your Forces apart and toss what little is left into a hole in the ground for Shedim to play with, where no one can see you and everyone can hear you scream." We've fallen halfway through a basement wall, I'm sure I've damaged her, but I can feel myself trying to unravel beneath her attacks. Not too far away, gunshots, someone's picked up one of those again, why couldn't they have given me one when it would have done some good?

That tug I've been following for hours wavers, and suddenly it's not pulling in any direction anymore, only telling me he's... not here. I could almost laugh at the timing, and the Calabite reaches back to hit me again--

A giant winged cat, tumbling her further away from me, teeth and claws ripping at the Calabite's form. A moment later Zif is there, a glance at me to see the extent of my injuries, and then hooves join the claws in their attack. The two of them have the Calabite trapped, and her screams have no effect as they begin to rip her apart.

I'm superfluous here. I stagger through the wall into the room, try not to see the body crumpled against the wall, still chained. Only a vessel. It's only a vessel. He's lost them before. Kelly looks up from a body no longer moving beneath her, bright wet knife matching her bright smile.

A demon, I don't know what this one is, gapes up at me. Something he's never seen before, and I've just returned while the Calabite has not. Foolish little thing, I couldn't rip it to shreds in such a small amount of time, much as I'd like to. It's reflex to read the Needs in his eyes.

"Go," I say, though I could still call out a Song of Fire to send him screaming as he went. "But you'll owe me."

He runs, and I feel the hook settle into place. I can find that one at my leisure, discuss matters at a time of my own choosing. The Shedite has disappeared, run back to its Heart with a Force or two fewer and a shameful tale for its Prince, and Dora is off collecting its hosts and repairing any damage done.

"What a mess," says the Mercurian, standing up from the remains of the demon it was working on with the Ofanite. "We'd better call someone in for cleanup before anyone discovers this."

"Or we could leave the mess, and let them wonder," says Kelly. She smiles at me, and I don't know if it's out of sheer pleasure from the fight on her part, or because of what I did. I'll assume the former until I hear otherwise.

"There's wondering, and then there's a big mess that will leave people frightened to come out at night," says a small voice from the stairs, and Dora-child walks into the room cautiously. The amount of blood I see suggests that the Kyriotate never left that host. "We'll have someone clean this up. There's someone I can call..." The child smiles. "The Cherubim are having fun. I'm glad I can join them in it. But I think they're going to be angry at you when they're done, Gifter. We'd best be moving before the demon that got away starts calling in someone big."

The Kyriotate Needs healing for its host before it leaves the child. I sing the little human back to health, see the hook form, and let it dissolve away. With everything that people keep giving me, how could I hold them in debt for what little I can do to repay them? And yet I always know what they Need so that I can give as much as I can...

A strange thought. I'll have to examine it later.

Zif and Joseph step through the wall together, and it's the first time I've seen Joseph happy. They shake on their vessels at the same moment, and exchange a private look I can't interpret. "That was irresponsible of you," Zif says, not quite a rebuke. "Please don't do that again. We will have to discuss the matter when we return."

"Understood," I say, and wrap up the hook on that demon where I store all the other debts owed to me. I have all the time in the world to collect.

I made a list of what to do when I got back, complete with annotations for various contingencies. The first step progresses easiliy; my apologies to Zif and Joseph are taken far more cheerfully than I'd hoped. Are all angels in such a good mood after they've had a chance to attack demons? Perhaps not those of Flowers. Zif has been making comments about setting up surveillance cameras on my Heart to make sure she knows where I am if I ever try this again, but I don't think she's... quite serious. It's hard to tell when she makes all of her statements so blandly. No doubt there will be discussions of the matter later, but for now she seems content to let me offer the most sincere apologies that I can offer. I don't regret my actions, only that what I did alarmed her.

I do regret that two demons went down without losing a single Force. Maybe three. I wanted to express my opinion on the matter to all of them personally, and much as I realize that wouldn't have been practical... well. It would have been satisfying.

One item checked off the final, revised list.

Back at my office I write out two notes for the reliever to deliver, and make sure I mark each with name, Superior, Choir, and likely destination, as I don't trust this helpful little idiot to remember two things at once. Another item off the list. By the time I've finished scanning all of my coffee-drenched notes into the laptop they gave me (and taking a moment to admire the scanner that can translate my scrawl to proper text, even through the stains), another reliever is back with a reply from Gariel. That finishes everything but the last line to be crossed off.

Two notes of Essence; I'd planned on asking for a loan if I'd been out at this point, but I have enough to manage. As the tug springs up to show me the way, I tuck my laptop under my arm, and take along one notebook. It wouldn't do to get behind on my work because of... personal matters.

The Halls of Creation are as empty as before, and the few people who do pass me don't question my presence there. I know that the geography of Heaven is strange, that of Cathedrals even more so, but it startles me when I find this Song I've used so many times before is working... differently. Instead of pulling me always in a straight line, it swings and tugs to send me around corners and through doors, ever closer to the goal. Or maybe it's that the Cathedral is spinning around me at its leisure, lining up my route with nothing better to do with its time, having so few people to focus on. I would believe that of a place designed by the Archangel of Creation.

At last the tug pulls me up a wrought iron spiral staircase, up steps designed in a hundred different pictures and patterns. At the top of the stairs waits a wooden archway carved with flames, and inside... a small room, no larger than my office, with a single window that opens out towards the panorama of Heaven.

In the center of the room a Heart, a glowing sphere to call someone home, and around it floats an Ofanite. I've seen Ofanim of all sorts, interlocking wheels and circles that spiral inside themselves, fiery gears that churn against each other. This one is a single solid ring, its flames low, spinning slowly around the Heart.

A polite cough draws my attention to the other occupant of the room: an Elohite I'd been distracted enough to not see when I stepped into the doorway. "You're a friend?" it asks.

The term seems inadequate, for all that I'd never had reason to use it with anyone before. "Something like that. And you?"

"It would be comforted, on waking, to know that someone had been here to watch," says the Elohite. It stops for a moment, as if composing its next words. "I haven't seen Kai in decades. But I believe it would consider me a friend."

"You serve Creation?" This Elohite is everything I would have imagined one to be, before I'd had a chance to meet any up close. Entirely closed off and precise in its words, pale genderless face so smooth it barely has features for one to recall.

"No," says the Elohite. Another pause. "Kai knew me before I was as I am now, if briefly. It helped me then, when I did not deserve such help."

"You were--"

"Habbalite. Yes." Such a blank look and tone it must be suppressing some reaction. "It has been some time. I am told I am... overcompensating. But I cannot forget what I was. And, subjective though it may be, I am... grateful."

"I'll be here. You have other duties to attend to?"

"Yes," says the Elohite, and it moves away down the stairs, no need in its mind to waste time on farewells. I would think it unfeeling, but that wasn't the reaction of someone with no strong opinions. I may be as subjective as I like, so long as I remember to behave with some approximation of what becomes an angel, and though I've wished sometimes for the control of an Elohite, I'm glad I don't require it.

I sit down with by back to the wall below the window, and open up my laptop. I have work to do.

My laptop chimes at me every hour, an addition from Gariel to remind me not to work forever. Every hour I look up, and see that nothing has changed.

The room is quiet. A place this high should have wind scudding by the window, but weather hasn't chosen to work that way here. Typing doesn't even clack the way I'm used to, and the loudest sound is when I stop to sketch out my thoughts in the notebook until the problem has become clear enough to add to the file I'm working on.

Seven hours after I've arrived, a reliever flies in through the window, and proffers a note. "You've been very hard to find," it says; it's the same one that was hanging over my shoulder before. "But I found you anyway!"

The note is from Nomikos. Brief, polite, to the point. I would expect no less from him. I find it strange when people thank me for what I've done, and I've left no hook in them. "Thank you for your help," I say, and turn back to my work. I have no desire for more company.

"You were hard to find," says the reliever, settling down on my shoulder. "I had to ask lots and lots of people where you were, and then I had to look, and look, and look, and ask, and look. And then it was weird because some people use one name for you, and some people use another. Aren't you only supposed to have one name? It isn't fair if you have two and I don't have any, yet."

"People call me Mannie. I haven't found a real name yet. And the other one is... an old one. I'm not using it anymore."

"Oh. Okay." It peers over at my screen, but doesn't ask any picky questions, only watches.

The hour chimes, and I look up. Flames burning low, a spin so slow it's nearly a drift in a breeze that isn't here. "It's not moving," says a small voice on my shoulder. It's been so quiet I had forgotten it was still there. "Aren't Ofanim supposed to move?"

"He's in Trauma. That's what happens when you lose a vessel, down on Earth. Except for Malakim. He'll wake up in a bit." He couldn't possibly drift there forever. It's not right to see him like this, so... still.

"Oh. Okay." As I turn back to the laptop, "If you're not using the other name, can I have it?"

My twitch unsettles it, and the reliever beats its wings for a moment, comes to rest in front of me. "But why would you want that name? It's... not a good name."

"Why not?"

Please let this not be another "I want to be a Bright Lilim" subject. "It means... yearning. Desiring. Do you want a name like that?"

The reliever frowns thoughtfully, or as near as it comes to thought. "But I do desire things. I want to know all sorts of things, and understand what people tell me, and I want to... know."

"What do you want to know?"

"Everything."

That surprises a laugh out of me. "You can't know everything."

"Why not?"

"No one can know everything. There's too much of it."

"But I can try!"

"If you'd like to, yes. You can always try." A thousand things in the world to try that you'll never succeed at, but who am I to explain that? So this is the sort of creature that forms at the top of Lightning Tether.

"Then I can have the name?"

"You're sure you want it?"

"You're not using it," says the reliever, all earnest appeal and hope. "I would take good care of it."

I could try to speak to it about everything that name means, but it wouldn't understand. If it wishes to interpret the meaning differently than I did... so be it. "If you'd like it, you can have it."

"Thank you!" The reliever kisses me on the nose, a tiny butterfly touch against my face, and then it's out the window, turning spirals in the sky. "I have a name!" it calls, to anyone near enough to hear.

Just the two of us in the room again. I could worry, but it wouldn't help him or me. And I have work to do.

I send out progress reports as I finish tasks, receive new tasks to work on. Hints of VapuTech around the edges of one set of plans I'm asked to analyze, and maybe soon they'll let me examine those things properly, show them all the exploitable flaws and omissions. I wrote up a summary of all my recent projects on my first day there, a list of other projects I'd heard anything significant about. Surely they'll want more information on those things. There's so much to do, always more to do... Why didn't anyone tell me decades ago that Heaven had proper work for people like me?

At the end of the first day, I email Zif, in case she's begun to worry. Her reply hasn't so much as a hint of anxiety to it, though she does mention working out better methods to keep my Heart under surveillance while she's on Earth. Working out an efficient method of keeping a data stream moving between Heaven and Earth must be fascinating... Not my area of expertise.

A day and a half. No change in the slow rotation of the Ofanite in front of me. This is not unusual; I have spent a few minutes between reports researching how angels react to Trauma. With the exception of Malakim, the answer seems to be "much the same as demons." None of the data refers to those who have lingered in Trauma for centuries having their Forces recycled, and I can see Heaven leaving them be for... as long as it takes. One cannot say that any given angel will never recover, because forever is a time we haven't reached. I'll take what comfort I can in that. No matter how long he sleeps here, so long as Heaven remains, it will wait for him.

Two days. The reliever, bright-eyed little Maharang, brings me a cup of coffee, though I didn't ask for anything. It chatters at me for a few minutes, nothing of importance to say, and leaves again when it realizes I'd rather be... not alone, only without more company. I'm not alone here.

The Elohite returns, once. It steps through the archway, and asks, "How long will you wait?"

"Until he wakes up." Forever is a very long time. But there will be work for me forever, so long as I continue to ask for it. If Zif, Jean, anyone thought this a poor use of my time, they would say so.

The Elohite nods. "Good." And then it's off again, back to whatever duties keep an uncertain Elohite in Heaven for so long.

A note from Gariel, not a new task but to say he's pleased with my work. I file it away in the folder where I keep certain private messages. The Seraph who runs that coffee shop letting me know about a new blend he thinks I'd like, a thank you from the Mercurian in the office next to mine for help on a small problem. None of these are anything important, nothing related directly to the work I do, but there's some touch of pleasure in having that folder.

I haven't been meaning to count the hours, but numbers add up easily in my head if I don't force them out. Seventy hours since I arrived here, three days solid since the last gunshots. At the tone, the time is: too fucking long. Not long enough. I see the same thing every time I look up.

But I said I would wait.

Another report sent off, this one with annotations as polite as I could make them about how much energy a prototype built to those specifications would draw. Working for the Word of Lightning doesn't mean one has any excuse to be sloppy about power allocation, and certain items won't be useful in the field so long as one needs to wheel along a generator to use them. A few minutes will pass before I receive something new to work on; it's enough time to go over the statistics and analyses again, all the facts and theories and hypotheses and guesses about the inner workings of Trauma.

The first noise I hear is so small I almost ignore it, a tiny rustle, like stepping on discarded shrink wrap. I would discount it as imagination or a passing reliever if it weren't for the thrum, rising in pitch and volume, a cello running through a scale.

Laptop falling to the floor, I'm on my feet, and... the circle spins. All the dull low flames burn brighter, wheel spinning faster and the hum ever louder in pitch, until it's a blur of motion, sound, heat, rotating faster than my eyes can follow around the Heart. The room grows hotter until I might as well be approaching a forge, and then the ring flips up, a wheel returned to its proper position. Bright flames sink down to cheerful crackling, and the hum disappears. Only an Ofanite spinning about, the way they do.

"Hey," I say. And for all my vocabulary, I don't have any other words.

Waking up from sleep feels weird, like a part of you has shut down and then climbed back to life; I never bother with sleep if I can help it, have only needed a few times to maintain my Roles over the years. Waking up from Trauma is different. Like finding your way back into familiar territory, and just as you do realizing that you've been wandering lost without knowing it. The room where I keep my Heart is high when it wants to be, which is most of the time, and it has a window for me to look through and see, right like that, I'm home.

I hadn't expected anyone to wait for me. It's been how long since I was here, pulling myself together from another tangle with a demon? The last time, the Boss was still around, and he told me that if I was going to keep doing things like that, I ought to learn how to be better at it. Next thing I know, everything I pick up is a brilliant weapon in my hands. I've always appreciated that trick, and it's kept my vessel in one piece (aside from that incident with the Shedite and the chainsaw, and some friends from Flowers patched me up before I was gone) ever since. Until now. When I was shot by Kelly, and that's more than fair for a number of reasons and probably part of some great tactical plan, but came as a surprise at the time.

"Hey," says Mannie, when I'm righting myself into the proper position for a Wheel, which is ready to roll. He might've had something more to say, but I'm too busy whirling around him, pulling coils out of myself to wrap tight.

"You're okay. I was so worried." Marvelous terrible moments to see him again, and then see the demons trying to hurt him. Succeeding in hurting him. But he's here, we won, we won, and I don't know what might have been lost in doing it, but he's here in Heaven where he ought to be, and that's what matters the most in this instant.

"That was supposed to be my line," he says, and if his expression is calm his voice isn't. He needs a hug, I think, and in this form I can spiral in to give him one from head to toe.

"Oh, look at you." I roll back to get a proper look, now that there's nothing to distract me. "You're so you."

"So me?" Even his face is sliding into bemused, now, like he doesn't know how to react. Has he never watched anyone come out of Trauma before? I'd think at his age he'd have seen it a dozen times.

"Yeah. You look exactly like you're supposed to." He's not going for the robes many angels like to wear in Heaven, but pretty much the same thing he was wearing when we traveled together, though his jacket doesn't look quite as scruffy. I'd have a hard time picturing him in robes anyway, doesn't seem his style. All around him this crackling aura, nearly invisible, but I can feel it when I'm this close. So that's what a Bright Lilim of Lightning turns out to be. I know I'm going to feel silly for asking it, but I have to. "Can I see the wings?"

He spreads his wings, and they're jagged electric blue lines. Perfect. I need to learn to paint, if only so that I can show those off to everyone else. "Beautiful."

"They're still... strange." He folds them back in, as if he's afraid he'll bump something in this room if he leaves them out. It doesn't work that way around here, but he hasn't had much chance to get used to it.

I roll back and forth a bit, getting accustomed to this shape again. Once instinctive reactions wear off, I have to remember how it all works. "When I got my first vessel, it was so weird to suddenly have all these different pieces like I didn't know what to do with them, hands and elbows and knees and toes, but I really got to liking feet. Not having feet is weird-making all over again." You can't do ballet without the proper body parts, but in this shape I can spin perfectly without ever losing sight of what I'm looking at. "But it's good to be back home. I haven't been here in half past forever."

Mannie picks up a laptop from the ground, and a notebook; he must have been waiting here for long enough to bring something to do, though that's not very long when it comes to him. And people say I get fidgety when I'm bored. Can't turn around without him making up another flowchart or diagram, so long as he hasn't gone all sulking. I hope to never catch him in a serious sulk again. "Where would you like to go?"

"You don't need to get back to work, or anything?" I pick up my Heart. It's warm when I hold it, lets me know that it's only and always mine. I have a better idea for where to leave it than here.

"I, ah, already scheduled time off for when you woke up again. My supervisor said it was entirely acceptable."

I can't help laughing at that, and another twist around him as we go down the stairs together. I'd go out the window if I were alone, but I want to stay near him, and if he's not comfortable with his wings yet I'm not about to press. I don't know how demons get around down in Hell. Do they fly, or walk, or are they carried about by damned souls? I'd rather not know. All sorts of things I don't want to know that I keep finding out of late, but I'm not about to start asking after such things. "You are ever yourself. I thought you'd fit in with Lightning just fine, though I did wonder if you'd figure it out so fast. So how's work?"

"It's perfect."

"Perfect?" I'd expected at least a few complaints. He's never yet said anything good to me about anyone he worked with before, and while I'd like to think Heaven is ahead of Hell, it's not like we have all the geniuses. (Though we're getting more, at this rate.)

"Well." He waves a hand in the air. "There are people who aren't as cooperative as I'd like, or slow to give information. I don't have access yet to all the data I'd like. And the younger Sparkies don't seem to understand that making an item draw more power isn't always a good thing. But." He keeps one hand on the railing as we go down the stairs, his fingers running along the lovely bits of design that the master craftsman of this piece did. Every step was made by a different reliever, and when we pass the one I made myself, it hits me harder before, I'm really home. Back in my Boss's house. "Every piece of equipment I'm using is guaranteed to not explode unless I want it to. My assignments are reasonable, if sometimes more simplistic than I'd like. I'm reasonably certain my supervisor is not attempting to steal credit for what I do. So. Perfect, yes. Or as near as I expect to ever find."

The hallway at the bottom of the stairs is empty. So's the next one, and while Mannie tells me about his latest project (or what bits of it haven't been marked as confidential, not that I can understand half of it anyway), we're on to another hallway and there's... one blessed soul, in a room to the side, painting a trees along a canvas that takes up half the wall of the room. But no one else.

"Kai?" Mannie's stopped to look at me. "Are you okay?"

You can't lie in Heaven, and I'm not the sort to spend much time tiptoeing around things to avoid saying them. "The last time I was here... there were people here, Mannie. People everywhere. Angels and relievers and souls and all sorts of people. Every one of these rooms would have someone working inside, a thousand different pieces in progress. And there was music..." Pottery wheels stand still, the forges are cold, all the paintbrushes lie neatly in rows. "I mean, I knew, but I hadn't... seen. I hadn't seen it like this."

I've known the Boss has been off working on his big project since shortly after he left. The first triad to show up gave me some basic details once they found out I hadn't heard, and then other Creationers, friends who were trying to sympathize or wanted to hear if I knew anything more, and... the Boss wasn't calling, wasn't that enough to tell me what had changed? So many angels in service to someone else, off working for Fire or Wind or Flowers or Destiny or some other Superior. Someone who wasn't the Boss. I knew all of this, but I hadn't... seen it like this. Not until now.

"He'll be back," says Mannie, but he's saying it because it's what I said. This isn't so bad as a Balseraph's lies, because it's only a pause. Intermission between the acts. Eventually the curtain will rise, and the play will go on. But this hurts all the more because it's true. He's really not here. I'm back home and he's not here.

"Yeah," I say. "He'll be back." I don't know when, but... eventually. When he's finished with what he's doing that's taking up all his time. Or maybe he won't come back here, maybe he'll do something unexpected; that would be like him too. But if so, he'll let us all know. He'll call me and let me know. "It's just in the meantime..."

We move forward without talking until we're at one of the sets of doors leading outside, great wooden doors carved into the shape of a tree with dark glass set between the branches. "There was an Elohite who was there when I first found your Heart," Mannie says, I think searching for an easier topic of conversation. "It says you knew it before it was, ah, Elohite."

"Seth stopped by? That was sweet of it." And an admission of sorts, that it cares. I don't know that anyone could stay Habbalite after being talked to by Flowerchildren for two months straight, but that one has some issues to resolve. I wanted to help, but with Seth up in Heaven and me doing Earth duty, and then the Seneschal told me when I asked after it that I'd do more harm than good to pursue the matter... I can't help everyone I want to. But if I send a note thanking it for attempting to assist me in adjusting to recent changes, rather than for caring enough to show up, that'll be something. "Nice to know that it's not holding grudges." At Mannie's look, "Well, back as a Habbalite he did try to blow up a Tether of Flowers. Jack and I jumped on him, the Seraph ran up and started lecturing him, and then I think he ended up locked in a gardening shed for three weeks being talked at before he calmed down enough to have a reasonable conversation. I only saw him a few times after that, before he went to speak with Novalis."

I push on outside, to where I can find more people. Some place less empty. No corner of Heaven so beautiful as this should be so empty.

The light outside these doors has a quality never found on Earth, and all the stones in the path beneath me feel the way stones ought to be. They're almost like the stones in the path near the community center, the one they set down because everyone cut across the lawn so often the grass there had worn away. A little care with adjusting my vessel to fit the passage of time, retiring gracefully and returning with the Role of some grandchild, I danced in that place for over half a century. "I can't get back there, Mannie. I don't have a vessel, my Role has been shredded, I can't... He told me to keep up the good work. I was trying, and now I can't. The first thing he asked me to do in decades and I can't do it."

"I'm sorry I didn't find you sooner." He means it. Like it's his fault, as if he ought to be blamed. I swirl around him in a blaze.

"Don't you dare apologize. You came when you could. And why did you come? Why didn't you tell someone else, send anyone else at all? They could have hurt you." That moment seeing him as what he was always meant to be, finally an angel of the Lord, and knowing at the same time that they could drag him back down to Hell, rip him apart for being there. "You're not supposed to throw yourself against demons. That's my job. You idiot." All of myself one endless loop around him, as if I could hold him safe here against all the forces of the darkness. He was in danger and I couldn't do anything at all.

"I couldn't leave you there."

"You could have sent someone else. It was a trap." I don't know how I'll ever find a way back to the job the Boss set for me, but so long as I'm here, I can make sure he's safe.

"I knew that." He smiles at me, one of his sad smiles that he only uses for special occasions. "Silly little angel. After all you did for me, do you think I could leave you there? I'm arrogant enough to think you'd be safer if I helped find you."

"It's not like you owed me--"

"I did, though. And even if I didn't... I would have been there."

"It was dangerous."

"And so am I, Kai." He takes a step back, out of my flames. "And now you're getting upset, and we all know what that leads to."

"What?"

"A moping Ofanite. Which we wouldn't want. So. I imagine you can find my office, if you try. I'll race you there."

He has learned how to use his wings.

But I'm faster.

I could take the quickest route there, but I don't think that's what he has in mind, and so I chase him through a tour of Heaven. Away from the Halls of Creation for the day, and over the Bazaar, skimming through the tops of the trees where the Windies play, just past the edge of Jordi's Savannah, low through the Glade where I spot a few Servitors of Flowers that I'll have to speak to later, but no time now! When Mannie falls out of sight I spiral until he's just ahead of me again, and then it's off ahead to show him how fast I can spin.

Sweeping through the Halls of Progress, I'm a bit out of place here but no one seems surprised to have an Ofanite rolling through. His office is precisely where I know it is, no name on the door yet, and he hasn't bothered to decorate. Coffee-stained papers on the desk, all the flow-charts I recognize from whenever he'd stick one under my nose while I was trying to drive, and maybe that's his way of personalizing his office. He ought to have wind chimes, though, or a painting, or a coffee mug with something cute drawn on the side. I could take up pottery and make him one, with a little practice. Okay, considering how my coffee-making is coming, with a lot of practice, but I have... time. All sorts of time to spin through.

Mannie saunters into the office. "You won."

"You weren't even trying, at the end."

"Can you blame me? I know when I'm outmatched." He sits down in the office chair and spins it around, shoves the laptop he's been carrying aside into one corner, puts his notebook down in the center of the desk. One demon told me it was afraid of redemption because it heard that the process changed you, tore you up and made you into something different, but it doesn't. It makes you more of who you are, and who you can be. This is the same Mannie I met in the back seat of Jack and Kelly's car, only brighter. "I could show you around, though they won't let me through any of the really interesting doors yet."

"No, I'm happy here." I poke around the office and find that from an angle I hadn't hit before, I can see an origami crane sitting on the back corner of his desk, behind a stack of books. He makes this place his, in his own way. "Hey! That reminds me. I have something to give you."

"Oh?" He looks wary, and I wonder if anyone told him about the incident with the flan. But I'm staying away from anything custardy until I get better at cooking.

"Here. You can keep it with you. Like... in a desk drawer, or something, wherever is handy. Then whenever you're not sure where I am, you can check right there, and make sure I'm okay. Without needing to show up and get endangered. Understood?"

He stares at me. "You can't give me your Heart."

"Why not? The Boss isn't here to look after his Cathedral right now, so I might as well give it to a friend. I know you'll keep an eye out for me. And after all this, I think anyone who's looking for me is going to come asking you first anyway. It's handy that way." So maybe I'm babbling a little bit and not quite getting at the main point of why I'm doing this, but... he has my Heart in his hands, now. He can either keep it or give it back, his decision.

"You trust me more than I deserve," he says, and he finds an empty drawer to tuck my Heart into. There beneath his notebooks and files and pencils and on top of it all a little origami crane. It couldn't be in a better place.

"If I knew how everything would turn out, it wouldn't be trust. That's what it's about. Not knowing and going with it. I'm better with the doing than the knowing anyway." I've learned how to deal with these sudden flashes down on Earth. Take a deep breath, look away, change the subject, remember that something's still over a burner in the kitchen. Here I don't know what to do anymore, and I can feel my flames shifting across me, no way to hide that, because all I know how to do is the doing of things, and up here it's... not so useful. I don't know what to do here. All I do is dance, and hit demons with things, and sometimes play the piccolo, or play the bagpipes badly. I can't think what I'll do here. "I don't know what to do next, Mannie."

"We'll figure something out," he says. And it's a thousand times complicated, no Role or vessel or Superior here, I don't even have clear instructions to work on, but... he's smart. He'll know what to do.

"Yeah," I say. "We'll figure something out."

Nomikos is the one who finally comes to tell me what's happening to my Role, and I wouldn't have expected it to be him; he's part of a triad, and has plenty of other things to do. He finds me playing with Wind relievers up above the trees, and while they scatter, says, "Do you have a moment to talk?"

"Always!" I spin around him and settle down to the ground beneath the branches, where two Warriors give Nomikos disgusted looks and stalk off in another direction. I've never understood why they're still holding a grudge about that trial, but then, I've never understood most of Heavenly politics. You'd think people could get over these things. "Sorry I haven't been by to see you all lately, I've been, well, kinda trying to work things out." Like what I'm going to do now, and that's a question I haven't been able to answer, even with help from people smarter than I am. "How are Adala and Dedan?"

"Adjusting," Nomikos says. He sits cross-legged on the grass, leaning back against the enormous tree trunk, and I roll in circles around the trunk while he talks. "Dedan is back on Earth working with another triad, Adala was, last I heard, assigned to certain tasks involving filing, and I am... here."

"Dedan's with a different triad? Why?" I rotate in front of him. "What happened?"

"Judgment business," Nomikos reminds me. "He'll be fine."

"Oh. Well. I'm glad everyone's okay." I was surprised when of all the people who showed up in that raid no one from my triad was there, but rescue operations aren't their job. They have a lot of people to take care of. I wonder what it's like when they talk with other people, especially other Creationers, but it's not something I can ask them about. I bet I could ask other Creationers what happens when Judges come by, which isn't cheating the system, just working around it from a different angle. "So what did you want to talk about?"

"Your Role back on Earth."

I've been trying not to think about that. There's nothing I can do from here, and most of the people I'd try to talk to about this sort of thing are back on Earth, or working for other Superiors now and busy with stuff that... isn't the Boss's work. Most of them he put there himself, so I'm sure it's all right and proper, but it means their priorities are different. "What's happening with that?"

"Certain people... worked things out. With some help from the Flowers Tether near you, and other Servitors of Eli who could spare the time. The story they've prepared is this: Kai Dawnson, assistant ballet teacher, was not involved in any inappropriate behavior, but was set up by the culprit to take the blame. He was shot to keep him out of the way, and cast suspicion on him; the culprit then coerced various children into blaming the missing teacher. When the murderer realized he was about to be discovered, he killed himself rather than face the charges. The board is helping the patrons of the community center recover from the affair, and while there will be setbacks, it will not have to close. In another year or so, if you found a Role and vessel for the purpose, you could probably return and restart the dance program."

I orbit the tree a few times, trying to absorb this. That Role is dead and gone now, no chance of picking it up again, but I was sure that would happen. All those kids thinking I'm dead... but at least the center won't be closing, and they won't think I was... doing what the demons had them saying I was. "So who ended up taking all the blame?"

"An Impudite of Fate. It seemed appropriate." Nomikos smiles in a way that reminds me he is a Malakite, and prepared to deal with demons head-on, no matter how much of his time he spends asking polite questions of angels.

"Huh. Anyone I knew?" I don't like the idea of a demon sniffing around in my territory without my having noticed.

"Mm. Chair of the board."

"Him?" All my flames flare out around me. "That... that..." I can't come up with a word that properly represents what I want to say, though I bet if I asked Mannie he'd have suggestions. "I didn't even notice, I am such an idiot, he was there for years and--"

"Kai." Nomikos stands up and puts a hand to the top of my ring. "You can't be expected to recognize every demon that crosses your path, especially one as subtle as that. He's been taken care of, and we received useful information from finding him."

He walks through the Groves, and I roll alongside him, finding in my memories all the little things that should have told me what that demon was, every clue I missed. "I wish Dedan and Adala were here. I'm used to throwing my current dilemmas at you three, and it was always nice to find out what you thought about it. Now I'm just... wandering. Like I don't know where I'm supposed to be heading."

"You could give your service to another Superior," Nomikos says. "Many others of Creation have done so. It's a way to continue serving the cause of Heaven."

"Maybe," but I don't think I could. How would I be ready for whatever the Boss wanted me to do if I had other responsibilities? I can't picture myself with any other Superior than my own. Flowers wouldn't like me hitting anyone, even demons who need the hitting, and the Wind is fun to ride with but they never stop moving long enough to help a place grow, and... I don't know. I need to talk to someone who knows more. "You'll let me know if anything else happens, with my old Role?"

"I'll make sure you're informed, yes."

"Thank you." I'm off again, up above the trees to play with the Windies until I'm feeling more like myself again.

These days it's weird to be myself. I got so used to being Kai Dawson, and then the grandchild named in honor of the same, that I hardly know what to do with myself when I'm just Kai, Ofanite of Creation, wandering through Heaven. Not that everyone here has a job to do, but most people have some sort of direction, or places they hang out with their friends. Most of my friends are back on Earth, doing the jobs they were given. So what am I supposed to do here? I've been corporeal-side ever since I fledged, aside from, what, three times in Trauma, and I like it down there. Heaven is beautiful, but it's always beautiful, and what I love about down there is finding inside something broken and staggering those moments where the broken is still beautiful.

All the sky stretching above me, and I could race someone to as high as we could fly, never reaching an end, but... I don't want to. It's ordinary for an Ofanite to be restless, but my insides itch like I need to be somewhere else, so, somewhere else. Swoop down over the Glade and roll past a party, friends celebrating in a corner over something that makes sense to them. Back in the 1960s, the Flower Tether used to have barbecues every month, and I'd swing by, taking Jack along when he was in town. The Seneschal still holds parties there sometimes, but it's been years since I attended, always some class to teach or whatever else it was that took up my time.

I'm bored. I'm moping. It's time to find a friend to cheer me up, and I know who I can find without ever worrying if he's gone down to Earth.

Laugh, and Heaven laughs with you. Spin, and find the place you meant to go. The Halls of Progress are a straight line from where I am, and I take that line there. Fast and straight until the corridors turn, and it's a pity they won't turn for me so that I can keep going straight, but I can turn a corner with the best of them. Mannie's door is usually open, and today is no exception. I zip in, whirl around him to make sure he notices I'm here; if I just move inside, he could stare at his notes for minutes without realizing I've come in. "What's up?"

"Afternoon, Kai. Schematics." He taps a finger on the paper rolled out in front of him, close-up pictures of symbols I can't decipher. The corners of the pictures show bits of fingers, like someone was in a real hurry to get the images onto whatever storage medium Lighting is using for its photographs these days.

"What do they mean?" None of the symbols make any sense to me, or even look like wiring diagrams I've seen .

"I couldn't tell you; it's classified. And, ah, I don't know. Yet. That's what we're trying to work out." All his desk is covered in the pictures, some blurrier than others. "We're working on partial information, which makes this more complicated. It doesn't help that whoever wrote up the original specs was using a personal shorthand; while I can decipher most of it, I... can't pick it out as well as I once could." He shifts in his chair, the way he does whenever he's reminded of losing that Force. "What brings you by?"

"I'm bored." I spin around him and check underneath his chair, which is cleverly designed and would probably do interesting things if I poked at the levers down there, but he wouldn't appreciate that. "Want to get coffee?"

"I've had two cups in the last hour, and if I drink any more I'll start bouncing off the walls." He switches the positions of two pictures on his desk. I wonder what he sees, when he looks at those things. "You could try cooking something."

"I tried that yesterday, and got asked to stop. You'd think that another Creationer would understand." I like being in his office. My Heart is here, and Mannie's here, and in the back corner of the desk is something my Boss made. It's as much home as anything is, these days. "Do you know when you'll have a break, next?"

"I don't know, Kai. I need to finish working on this first, and it's been going... slowly." He glares at the pictures, as if this will make them cooperate. "I'll come find you when I have some time to talk."

"Okay. See you then." Spin backwards out of his office, it's the same as forwards in this form. I roll on down the corridors back outside, up into the sky, and spin off to the Savannah to fly with the birds.

I miss having a motorcycle. I miss teaching ballet classes, showing kids the steps and helping them through until they could do it themselves. I miss having a telephone with a cord that could twist itself into a knot. I miss late nights doing stage preparation for the recitals, the shows that come onto the TV at three in the morning, Jack bringing a bunch of Windies by to crash in the apartment for two days and drag me off on weird chores in the middle of the night. I miss the sports car Mannie brought me, that I turned over to the triad to dispose of when they drove me back home. I wonder if they kept it, and if I could have it, when I get back to Earth? I liked that car, and it was the first time anyone brought me a car as a present.

I need to find a way back to Earth before I go batty here.

Mannie has a favorite coffee shop, and I haven't gotten around to trying enough to establish my own favorites yet, so I spin by his to see if anything interesting is happening there. Two Elohim debating some weird bit of theology, a Mercurian discreetly making out with a Kyriotate in a corner booth, and a whole cluster of blessed souls whispering to each other and wearing the faintly boggled look most of the new arrivals have. One of them points to me as I go by, and her friend pulls the arm back down. It's cute to see them learning about angels for the first time; I remember when I was a zippy reliever playing Count The Choirs with my friends. I kept coming up with the wrong number, but then, I wasn't really good at math at the time, and I mixed up Malakim and Mercurians.

The Seraph behind the counter has a cup of coffee waiting for me. "Hello, Kai. How has your day been?"

Good coffee, strong coffee, just what I needed. "I'm bored. Don't suppose you have anything for me to do?"

"Nothing that I would ask you to do, no," he says. "But thanks."

"Okay." Caffeine hit is just what I need, a buzz to give me some motivation. I leave the cup behind and roll outside to try to think.

"Kai?" A reliever so small it must be brand-new wings its way over to me.

"Hey, kid. What can I do for you?" I've seen this one around before, mostly running errands for Mannie.

"Oh! No, no, what can I do for you?" It zips through my ring, then flutters back to the center to stare at the insides of my rim. "I brought Mannie coffee twice, and now I don't know what to do."

"You and me both, kid." I roll along towards the Glade, slowly enough that it can keep up, fluttering along in the center of me. "So what's your name?"

"Maharang. I got it special from him, because he said he wasn't using it anymore." That sounds like a reasonable way for a reliever to get a name; at least this one isn't naming itself after desserts, like that one bunch I used to play with when I was younger. I think Mango Custard got her name changed when she fledged Malakite; said it didn't fit anymore, and I can't blame her for that. Of course, it might have come in useful if she'd ever introduced herself to demons before smacking them. Lots of time to act while they were howling with laughter, right? "How did you get your name?"

"Me? I chose this name because I liked the sound of it. Snappy enough that it doesn't take too long to say."

It nods very seriously, and takes a perch on a low tree branch, where it can look at me -- well, not eye to eye, not in this form, but towards the top of my wheel. "How did you decide what you wanted to be, when you fledged?"

Cute kid. I spin around the branch, wrap a coil around the reliever, and settle back down into my usual ring. "I figured it out by the time I hit about seven Forces, so I was sure by the time I fledged. Movement was my thing, and I never wanted to look inside people the way other types do. Elohim and Mercurians and Seraphim and Malakim... Well, I don't think I want to know what other people are like that up close and personal. But I like knowing where I'm going. Besides, it meant I could win all the races with my friends." It's listening very carefully, like it thinks I'm a teacher, but I'm just another angel in Heaven. "What do you want to be when you grow up?"

"I want to be a Bright Lilim," it says, a bit of defiance to its voice, like it thinks I'm going to tell it no.

"Huh. Unusual choice. Why do you want to be one of those?"

"Because I want to know things. Like Mannie does."

"Not a bad role model to choose, but you don't have to be like him to know stuff." I roll around the trunk of the tree, find pictures in the bark, places where someone's guided the growth of the tree until every twist in the grain is its own tiny image. "I'm not sure if you can be a Bright Lilim; making Lilim seems to be a secret that only one person has ever figured out. But, hey, what do I know? Maybe you'll manage it."

"You really think so?" It leaves the branch to rest on top of me, balancing even with my movement.

"I don't know for sure. I don't even know if anyone's ever tried to fledge as a Bright Lilim before. I think there would be a lot more of them if relievers could. But I don't know enough to say that it can't happen, so I won't." I drop horizontal, leaving Maharang to flutter in the air. "Hey, want to play tag?"

"Okay!" And while the kid's a bit small, it's already got some good zip. If the Bright Lilim idea doesn't work out, it could have a great career ahead of it as an Ofanite.

Three months ago, I could have translated this shorthand well enough to pull as much sense out of it as there was to get, and come up with a hypothesis as to what the person who wrote it was aiming at. Right now I'm having trouble getting more than sentence fragments and cryptic references out of the mass, and not for the first time, I wish I'd lost a different type of Force. I'm not physically adept, down on the corporeal plane; a bit more weakness there wouldn't make much of a difference. I wonder if having bits of my mind ripped out was God's way of reminding me I should have used my skills differently before, the theological equivalent of a firm "No!" and smack on the nose with a rolled up newspaper.

Zif tells me that the ways of God are mysterious, and I shouldn't attribute this sort of thing to divine disapproval. After all, she points out, when I'm being obstinate, I wouldn't have made it through redemption at all if I weren't meant to be here. This is not always comforting, but Zif only goes for comfort if she thinks it's appropriate. Sometimes I do need a slap across the nose.

In any case, it's time to give up on these notes, send along what I've deciphered, and let someone else take a crack at it. There are other former Vapulans working for Lightning, though none as recent as I am. I'm told that every few months several of them get together to commiserate, to better appreciate what they work on now, and alleviate the occasional impulse to declare that this would all work so much better if we could just show people everything. I'm not sure I'll attend any, given the possibility of running into someone I knew.

I've taught the scanner they gave me to understand my shorthand, so it's simple enough to bundle up my notes and send them off to Gariel. Zif makes occasional comments about how I should get over my dislike of computers, but I can't help it, they don't feel right. I'm the last person to cling to outdated technology, but even with a tablet and stylus, it doesn't feel the same as making my notes on paper. Clicking between windows isn't at all like sorting pages until the idea clicks. I'm not fond of the security problems rife in computers, at that. Lose a page of notes, and if you can get the paper back before someone has finds a photocopier, you're safe. It only takes a few seconds with a good connection to grab data from a computer and copy it to a thousand places, then decrypt the information at your leisure. So long as I can get away with it, I'm sticking to paper.

Little bat-brained Maharang has been gone for a few hours now, likely distracted with other tasks. It would disappear right when I could use another cup of coffee.

On second thought, seeing how many empty mugs are sitting on my desk, maybe I should cut back on the caffeine. Spending a few weeks with an Ofanite does leave one with certain habits.

My laptop chimes, a message already. "Meeting in five minutes." Direct as always. I collect my notes, notebook, and phone, and take the leisurely route.

Gariel's waiting in the conference room by his office with two other angels who have been working on this project, and a blessed soul. The human woman has a hard face, and is built more like a boxer than a scientist. Interesting. I take my usual seat, nod to the Mercurian and Elohite. The Mercurian nods back, and returns to reading a copy of my notes.

At precisely five minutes after the moment that email arrived in my inbox, Gariel blinks four of six eyes, and opens up his folder. "Mannie?"

"What I've deciphered, I sent on. I don't have enough context to interpret what I'm reading, and that doesn't help with the translation." I'd like to say more about what I did manage to piece out, but they're all sitting here with that in front of them. No reason to belabor the point.

"Knew that Media was in on it," says the soul, with a half shrug. "Don't know on what angle, or how that helps."

"Marketing." Shouldn't this be obvious? "You always want Media on your side when -- look. If it's a piece of technology no one intends to release publicly, it can stay in-house. If it's something that only small groups will be using, again, no need to contact anyone else. But any technology that you want to have used by the public, you need Media in on it to start the hype early, present it in a favorable light, make sure people want it and are going to accept its introduction. I mean, take a look at the introduction of the computer in Desk Set, they had to pull out Katherine Hepburn to push that one--" They're all staring at me. "So, ah, this would suggest we're talking about something they plan on releasing."

"Media's not much of a direction to work from," the Mercurian says. She wrinkles her nose, flipping through my notes. "I'd rather get to the root of the problem. We know where they are--"

"Where they were," says the soul. "Like they're going to stick around long after the through-the-window and down fifteen stories in the middle of the day? Even if they played it as a suicide, don't think they'd hang around to see if my friends were going to show. No reason to do more than a sweep for loose ends."

"True," says Gariel. He shifts his coils, but lets us continue; he's one of the most hands-off managers I've ever met. The last meeting we held, he spoke exactly seven words, including "Good morning."

"Do we know what sort of connections to Media were being formed? If we can investigate from that end, we may discover enough to trace back to the roots, or at least to hamper this project." Nosha has told me that, as an Elohite, it maintains a neutral tone to avoid distressing those who expect nothing else from his Choir, and thus perpetuates the stereotype in public. In meetings it doesn't bother, and right now it sounds intensely curious. "Gloria, did you have a chance to find out any more of that before you were found out? There is a world of difference between a piece of Vapulan technology that will be introduced through the media, and a piece of Vapulan technology which will be part of the media."

"Passed on the one point of contact I found," says the soul. Another one-shouldered shrug. "Would have investigated if not for dying. When can I get back down there?"

"We don't have enough information," says the Mercurian. "We don't even know what type of technology we're dealing with here. From what we've managed to decipher," and it seems to me she's rather hasty in using "we" to describe something I did, "this could be anything from, from a new mind-control implant to a better speakers system. How are we supposed to work with this?"

Gariel's wings rise slightly, and fall again. "Efficiently," he says.

"If the Media angle is all we have, that's what we can deal with," says Nosha. "The odds are good that the two groups will contact each other periodically, and observing how the one reacts may give us clues to the nature of the other. Typically, Media has been easy to infiltrate compared to other organizations."

"Do we even have anyone to spare to hang out with some, um." The Mercurian pauses. "What is the Media name we got doing, anyway?"

Nosha taps at its laptop. "The name we have is attached to a small marketing research company, specializing in online advertising."

"Right. So do we even have anyone to spare to hang out around some guy who spends his time finding out how many middle-aged men with at least one kid and an income over fifty grand a year clicked through a given ad? Resources aren't so free that we can waste someone on that dead end." Her feathers are going ruffled, and I'm suddenly glad that my wings hide themselves when they're not needed. I have a hard enough time keeping my standard body language saying what I want without worrying about a new set of parts to keep composed.

"Send a, what's it called, reliever. One of those," the human says. "Smart enough to do basic surveillance, right?"

"I believe we'll need something better than basic surveillance, and it's inadvisable to put an unfledged angel into a position such as this," Nosha says. "But the note about limited resources is valid." It clicks about on its laptop for a moment. "Mannie, your friend, Kai. The Ofanite. Has it taken up service under any other Archangel?"

I'm not sure I like where this is going. "No, not as of when I last spoke with him." Not that I haven't tried to convince him to join up with Lightning. It would be easier to talk with him if I didn't have to edit out half of every conversation for details I'm not supposed to pass on to angels not of Lightning. "He's quite resolute about remaining in the service of Creation."

"It's done work for Lightning in the past," Nosha says thoughtfully. "Minor assistance on multiple occasions, one notable project that had more to do with Creation than Lightning but came to our attention first, and on two occasions directly assisted nearby Sparkies." It pushes the laptop away, and smiles at me from across the table. "How do you believe it would respond to an offer of a vessel and Role in exchange for doing a finite job for Lightning, and being willing to assist us again in the future?"

"I would feel like we were taking advantage of an angel who's desperate to return to Earth." It's not betrayal to give Kai that offer, but I feel strange at the thought of putting him into danger. Demons willing to shove a prying human out of a window to get her out of the way are unlikely to leave a discovered angel in peace.

"We might be taking advantage of its wishes, yes. But what I asked was how the Ofanite would respond to such an offer." Nosha tucks away its smile. "The assignment is unlikely to be dangerous. It would solve two problems neatly."

"Ah. Well." The Mercurian has already begun to fidget, doodling wiring diagrams in the margins of the report. If none of them see anything wrong with this, why should I? They've had much longer to learn the right way to conduct a mission of the Host. "If the idea were presented properly, he'd likely agree."

Nosha turns to our supervisor. Gariel inclines his head. "Approved."

"In that case," says the Elohite, a little too cheerfully for my taste, "you ought to be the one to ask Kai about it, Mannie. Does anyone else have any objections?"

The Mercurian and soul shake their heads. "Would rather go back myself," says Gloria.

Gariel glides out of his coils. "Next meeting: when new information arrives," and that's as much dismissal as he ever gives.

Nosha follows me back to my office, its smooth Elohite mask back on. "I did not intend to upset you," it says, once inside. "Do you believe my suggestion is in error?"

"If I thought you were wrong, I would have said so." No email from Gariel, and his office is directly adjacent to the conference room; no new tasks until I take care of the current one. This organization is so bloody efficient I could scream, sometimes.

"That is what I would have expected. But you remain distressed, and I do not understand why, given the data presented."

"You're not my Cherub, Nosha."

"Quite right," says the Elohite. "I apologize if I overstepped my bounds as a coworker." It nods to me, and exits the office.

I compose an email to Zif, and after finishing, leave it sitting in my pending folder. Ever since the incident on Earth, she's been -- not so much clingy as cautious. I'll not give her more reasons to worry until I've thought the matter through, and only ask her if I can't decipher my emotions. Life used to be less complicated, at least regarding my own feelings. On the other hand, life used to involve a great deal more worry about being stabbed in the back by my coworkers, so it seems an even trade.

Maharang would be happy to find anyone I sent it after, but the reliever isn't back in my office. I seldom have any need to spend Essence here, not with so few reasons to leave my office. I drop two into the Song of Affinity, and... there. A tug against the only Geas hook I hold on any angel, these days. I take my notebook with me.

Kai spins up in the treetops of the Grove, the first place I would have looked. I worry, sometimes, that he'll decide he wants to be back on Earth so much that he'll join up with the Wind, and zoom away with Jack and Kelly. The Wind doesn't spend much time being... safe. Not their style. If he's working for Lightning I'll have a chance of knowing where he is.

"Hey, Mannie," Kai says, and whirls about me in a spiral of flame. The reliever who's been chasing him through the branches turns out to be Maharang, giggling with delight. Maybe it will end up fledging Ofanite, and leave off its habit of staring up at me with wide eyes asking why it can't be a Bright Lilim. "Want to play tag?"

"Not right now, Kai. Do you have a few minutes to talk?" That's mere formality; if he'd found something to call on his time I would have heard of it.

"Always." He spins for a moment, then darts off. "Over here is good!"

The trees of the Grove are ordinary trees like any others, except for when they decide not to be. The crossing of branches that Kai swings down to form a private nook and still provide a clear view of whatever passes by the tree. These things should stop surprising me. My first three years in Tartarus I had to find my way around with a map, and even that wasn't enough to keep me from running into dead ends and unpleasant discoveries every few weeks. Kai spins with a tree branch through his center, and Maharang sits inside, watching intently.

"So what's up? Did you finish off that project you were working on? I was thinking of heading out across the Savannah for a while, see what I can see out there. Might find a few cheetahs that want to race. I wonder how fast they can go here in Heaven?"

"Actually, I have something for you to do, if you're interested." I'm giving him something he wants, and as Nosha says, it's for the good of all involved. I should not feel so much like I'm manipulating him.

He stops mid-spin, and begins to rotate in the other direction. "Really? What can I help you with?"

"We need someone to do a short period of surveillance down on Earth, but we're short-staffed at the moment. It's in the same country where you were stationed, so you have enough experience to drop into a Role quickly."

"Wow. That's..." His ring begins to spin in two different directions at once. Ofanim don't display the same sort of body language the more human-looking Choirs do, but I know enough to read stress in that. "Mannie, I appreciate the offer, but... It's just... the Boss gave me a job, and I can't go working for someone else just because he's not around to help me get back to it."

"Relax, Kai. You've told me that, and I haven't forgotten." I may wish he'd be more reasonable about the matter, but I haven't forgotten. "It's only a single job for us, and then you can use the vessel and Role to get back to what you need to be doing."

"And Lightning would hope I'd be receptive to helping them out again in the future?" He's settled down into only one direction of spin again.

"I'm told you've helped them before. It wouldn't be so different from that." He hasn't said yes, though he's close to it. "If you're trying to do what your Archangel asked, it'll be easier if you have a vessel to work with."

Kai's flames toss sparks into the air. "You're right. I'm not doing anybody any good moping around up here." He swings up off the branch to orbit me. "When can I start?"

"Come back to the office with me, and we'll work out the details."

"This is great. I've been so bored, and now I finally get to do something. Do you know if I get to jump any demons? I mean, not to be all ambitious about prospective violence, but I wouldn't mind if that happened to be some of the job." He goes into a typical babble, moves ahead and around me as we fly back to the Halls of Progress.

I need to send that email to Zif when I get back. If I'm doing the right thing, why do I feel so guilty about this?

Riding a Lightning Tether down to Earth is different from taking a Creation Tether. Less of the feeling of a hug wrapped around me, more spark to my toes. And I have toes again, and feet, and hands, and all sorts of human-type bits that come with a standard vessel. "Cool. What's my name now?"

The Mercurian who's accompanied me is named Teresa, and I don't think she's much impressed with me. It's probably because I'm not as smart as someone working for Lightning is supposed to be, which I regret, but it's not something I can do an awful lot about. Her vessel has a long white lab coat and a clipboard. I bet I could do all sorts of interesting things with a clipboard if they gave me one. "Your Role's name is Megan Moore," she says, and hands me a sheet of paper. "All the important information is there. Memorize it, because you can't go carrying this around."

"Okay, okay." I pace around the room and read. So I'm an only child, always handy. Associate's degree from a no-name college in a town I've never heard of, in... liberal arts. "You couldn't have given me a drama major or something?"

"Too specialized. This Role wasn't being built for anyone in particular, but for use if suddenly needed." She taps a pen on her clipboard. "Are you done?"

At least I seem to have gotten good grades. "It says I have a boyfriend who's a mechanic, back home. Who's that?"

"That's an excuse for you to call us with updates every night, which becomes all the more important if you believe at any point that your other means of reporting in have become compromised." She hands me a little blue cell phone. "All of the numbers you'll want to use are programmed in. The phone can also record up to a week of sound, and you can take pictures or video with it as needed. Plug it into any computer that's hooked up to the internet, and it'll upload all the stored data to us. But try not to do it through a modem, if you can help it. We can only do so much with data compression."

"Spiffy." I drop that into -- hey, I have pockets. The jeans I'm wearing are just a touch on the baggy side, and looking down, I can see that my shirt is tie-dyed. Perfect. I glance inside the shirt. "Hey, I'm female. Neat! I've never had a female vessel before. Except -- oh, wait, yeah, I did, that one time. But that one only lasted two years, so I mostly forgot what sex it was." I bounce on my toes, and then do a pirouette. The weight distribution is different enough that I'd better practice moving a bit before I try to do anything fancy.

"I was told that you had extensive experience with a Role." Her tone has gone all sharp around the edges, like Mannie when he's trying to deal with a problem that won't let itself be immediately solved.

"Yeah, decades." I can do hand-stands in this vessel just fine, once I work out how to adjust for weird proportions. "So how am I doing this surveillance stuff?"

"You're being contracted by a temp agency as an administrative assistant for the company we're investigating. It's a small company, so you should be able to snoop around. To begin with, we just want you to feed us raw data as you find it. Once we have a better idea of what we're looking for there, we can direct your searches more precisely." She pulls me back to my feet. "You can perform the duties necessary for an administrative assistant, correct?"

"Oh, sure. So long as they aren't too picky about their coffee." The paper has an address where I'm living, so it sounds like there's an apartment set up for me. "When do I start the new job?"

"Tomorrow morning. You'll have tonight to settle into your apartment. None of your neighbors know you, as you've just moved into the city to pursue your dreams, or at least to get some distance from your parents, so they won't be surprised by any change in your personality. Anyone who we need to send by in person will play the part of a friend from college, or a close relative. Do you have any questions?"

"Sure. What do I drive?"

The way she smiles doesn't make me feel hopeful at all. "I'll show you to your car in the garage."

They gave me a Daewoo.

"How do you like it?" She's laughing at me. She's not even bothering to hide that she's laughing at me.

"It's a Daewoo. They stopped making cars years ago. You can't get parts for these things, half the mechanics I call won't have even heard of them! Does it even run?"

"Yes, though three of the windows don't work, and you can't open the back left door." She pulls the driver's side door open for me. "Remember, Megan, you're a starving recent graduate, trying to get by on temp jobs in a new city. What did you expect, a sports car?"

"I would have preferred a scooter. And it's white. White!" The car's engine sounds less than happy when I turn it on. "I'd rather take the bus."

"Look on the bright side," says Teresa. "No one is ever going to suspect you're an Ofanite." She slams the door shut. "Good luck. Report in as soon as you get back from your first day at work."

The car makes it from the Tether to the city where I live now without falling apart, though it starts whining whenever I hit 70 on the highway. A car with a built-in speed limit, just what I need. I need to get Mannie out to visit me as soon as possible, and ask him to make this piece of junk work properly. And a white car. How much more boring can you get? Of course, a white car is like a blank piece of paper; dull, but full of potential. I'm not much for freehanding anything fancy, but with some straight lines to work with and some planning ahead of time, I bet I could come up with some great designs to personalize things a bit. Do the bottom third in stylized grass and the top two thirds in zebra stripes or leopard spots, maybe.

My apartment is less bland than the car. Drawers full of T-shirts and jeans, not much hanging in the closet, more sandals than shoes. Sandals have their place, but I prefer something easier to run in; I'll have to stop by a store and pick up something with good rubber soles. There's a fire extinguisher under the counter in the kitchen, and in the bedroom in the middle of the bed sits another tiny fire extinguisher with a notecard on it. The card reads:

I told them you'd need one to take to work. Try not to set anyone on fire. Unless they're a demon, in which case, go for it. Mannie.

He can be so considerate. I won't say it's his most endearing trait, because it's not something he thinks of much, but when he remembers it's awfully sweet. I pack that in my bag to take to work tomorrow, along with a box of paperclips and a cue ball. I have no idea why there's a cue ball sitting on the dresser in the room, but it has a nice easy heft to it, and would go easily into the center of someone's forehead.

There's a full-length mirror on the closet door, so I take a few minutes to go over the new vessel. Definitely female, secondary sexual characteristics and all, and they even gave me long hair. Too long, the sort that will get in the way if I ever want to move quickly, so I dig out a pair of scissors from a bathroom drawer, and attack my hair until it's a reasonable length. Short, a little jagged, easy to take care of. Exactly the way I like it.

A tinny version of Ride of the Valkyries starts playing: my cell phone. I fish it out of the pocket it's been riding in, and flip it open. "K -- Hi, it's Megan!"

"How's the apartment?" That's Mannie's voice, and I jump onto the bed to start bouncing during the call.

"It's bigger than my last one. The mattress doesn't have good springs, though, which is a pity, because I can't get any real height on it. And, hey, how can you call this long distance?"

"I work for Lightning, Kai. We get all the good toys. Apparently I'll be playing the part of your, ah, boyfriend during these calls, on the off chance that anyone starts trying to keep you under surveillance. Unlikely, but Nosha can get paranoid when it comes to security."

"You do get the cool stuff." The bed's not being any fun, so I drop back down to the ground to find the best pacing patterns for the apartment. They don't seem to have given me a TV, but there's a cute little white laptop sitting on the desk. The apartment's pretty much kitchen, living room, bedroom, bathroom off to the side, garage beneath. I need to find a couch. It's not that I use couches much, but I've learned that any time people are going to stop by unexpectedly, you need a couch. "So tomorrow's me in a brand new job. I hope they're not too picky about the work I do; it would be embarrassing if they fired me before I could figure anything out."

"Don't worry about it. We're pursuing other areas for more information, and expect to find more from those than from anything you'll have access to. You're providing a fallback position in case we can't discover what we need elsewhere. It should be a safe and rather boring little job."

"I hope not. I'd rather get a chance to help out." My cupboards are full of packaged junk, so I pull out the trash can to ditch it all. Definitely need to hit a grocery store, and stock up on real food. The refrigerator has half a jug of fake fruit juice, leftovers in styrofoam, and a bottle of mustard. I can't cook anything with ingredients like this; creativity has its limits. "Do you have much in the way of specs on the people I'm working for? All I got was an address and name of the company."

"Nothing very specific, I'm afraid. We believe that at least one person there is a demon, but it's possible we're looking at Hellsworn, or human dupes. If you can figure out more that will be useful."

"I'll do what I can." I couldn't even tell when the chair of the board was an Impudite, and that still smarts, that he'd be there twisting people's fates for years without me noticing. But this time I know to look for something, to watch for the clues like the ones I missed.

This apartment stands so empty with only me pacing through it. "Don't suppose you have an hour or two to talk?"

"I'm sorry, but not right now. I need to get back to work." He sounds genuinely apologetic, which should make me feel better, but doesn't. "Maybe later?"

"Okay. I'll catch you later." Snap goes the phone shut, and that's it on that conversation.

I don't know who else to call at this time of night. After driving around for weeks and then spending time in Heaven, I'd forgotten how lonely an apartment can get in the middle of the night when the humans with day jobs are asleep. Jack doesn't have a cell phone, Mannie's busy, the one Seraph who springs to mind doesn't do idle phone conversation, and... I don't know anyone here yet.

It's just a temporary job. Soon enough I'll be back at the community center, an ambitious kid just out of college eager to help with a project that means something. It'll be weird to see the kids and not be able to tell them it's okay, I'm still around, nothing bad happened to me -- well, nothing permanent -- but I can manage, and I'll see them again. I just need to work through this job first.

The night drags on, for all that I read through several dozen recipes that use mustard, construct a miniature city out of empty snack boxes and toothpicks, and plot out how I'm going to repaint my car. At seven in the morning I start up the damn car, swing by a convenience store for a plausible semblance of a packed lunch, and track down my job.

Street parking, which would be dreadful if it weren't me; I find a parking space two blocks away, and tromp over to the appropriate building, take the elevator up to the thirteenth floor. They've labeled it the fourteenth, another one of those weird human superstitions; giving it a different number doesn't make it a different number of stories up in the air. Are they only afraid of the number itself, and not items that add up to that many? Symbols do have power in the right hands.

The company's name is written across the door: Cadence, Inc. Generic enough that they could do anything under that name, though I've been told it's marketing research. I push open the door and step inside. "Morning!"

It looks like it's one of those little two-room setups that wealthier freelancers have; one waiting room with a desk, couch, counter with a sink and coffee maker, and then a door to the inner office. Everything is done in generic beige, complete with a mass-produced watercolor of trees over a pond on one wall. There's no window in this part of the office, though I bet there's a big one along the back of the second room. Only the boss gets to look outside; office workers get to be happy staring at off-white walls all day.

The inner door opens, and the person that steps out is exactly what I'd expect from someone of Media. Carefully casual dress shirt without a tie, a winning smile, precisely-tousled hair frozen with various products into its supposedly carefree position, all the tags I've learned to read as moderately young adult male, position of authority, confident.

I offer a hand. "I'm Megan Moore, from the temp agency."

"So glad you're here," he says, and puts one hand on my shoulder to lead me over to what's going to be my desk. This vessel is almost the same height as my last one, which is useful, because it would be more of a pain to deal with different body proportions if I had to cope with seeing the world from a different angle on top of that. "I'm Chad Reid, president of the, hah, company. You can call me Chad. They said you could answer phones--"

"I'm great with phones. Who do you want me to pass through immediately, who gets a message and a brush-off, and who should I check with you about before deciding either way?" I sit down in my new chair, and spin it around. It has wheels! Cool. I can't roll far on the rug, but chairs with wheels are superior to chairs without wheels. Basic principle of furniture you can sit on.

"I have a list," he says, and he's suddenly more relaxed, like he's been dealing with people who didn't get that you don't pass everyone on immediately. I know that much just from dealing with the chair of the board's secretary; she was a master of brushing off people he didn't want to speak to. "At the moment I'm working on a major contract, so most of the important calls will be coming from people I've already made explicit on that list."

"Understood." I spin the chair around again. "Oh, hey, an intercom button. Those are fun. So, filing, phones, other duties as assigned, what do you want me to start on?"

"Can you make coffee?"

I packed the fire extinguisher Mannie gave me, but I don't think setting the office on fire would be the best start to my new job. "Not very well. I'm more of a consumer than a creator when it comes to that beverage. I can give it a shot if you'd like."

"No, that's fine." He has an easy, infectious laugh, enough to make me grin back at him even knowing what he probably is. "Everyone has some flaw, and if not making coffee is yours, I'll be more than satisfied."

Over the course of the morning I get the computer at my desk set up with more appropriate desktop themes, rearrange everything in the drawers so that the items that make better projectiles are nearer my reach, and sort through every scrap of paper on my desk for clues. Most of what I can find is ordinary stuff like rent for the office, receipts for business lunches, office supply order forms. The phone rings twice, both times telemarketers; the second one I chat with for a while before turning down, and she sounds grateful for a chance to depart from the script. I hope that wasn't one of the calls she gets monitored on. Telemarketing is a dreadful job, and she'd be better off finding something else to do if she can. It's hard to see anyone hitting their destiny in the midst of calling strangers to ask if they want to upgrade their cable package.

At noon Chad emerges from his office again, a little swagger to his stride. Now here's someone who's sure he's on the fast track to success. "Hey, babe," he says, "want to do lunch? The machine can handle any calls for an hour or so, and if you're going to be working for me, I ought to get to know you better." His hand rests lightly on my shoulder while he talks. Impudite, or lecherous Hellsworn. (Or Balseraph? But I'm sure Habbies don't talk like this.) I want to get to know him better too, if for different reasons.

"Sure thing. Where did you have in mind?"

"There's an Italian place near here," he says, and all the way downstairs and out to his car, he's standing close to me, or not really accidentally brushing up against me. He drives a little red sports car, and my feet itch to see it.

"Nice car," I say. My Daewoo is pathetic next to that. Of course, my Daewoo is pathetic next to a Vespa, so this isn't saying much.

"Got this one after I finished up my last big contract," Chad says, and he holds the passenger-side door open for me. I don't think he's going to let me drive, and more's the pity, because I bet I could do some great acceleration even on city streets. "If my current contract goes well, and I know that it will, I might upgrade to something better. You like sports cars?"

"I like fast cars." The sun's hitting the bright slant of early autumn, and I'd love to go driving in this car for hours, days, drive through all the hours of the day or chase the sunrise from one coast to the other. I'd want someone along for conversation, and I know exactly who I'd choose. "Maybe you can let me drive sometime."

"You can handle a stick?" When he starts the engine the car purrs like a well-pleased Cherub.

"Better than an automatic." Feeling the car move is a relief from being stuck in that little room for so many hours, though I'd like it better if I were driving.

He's right about the Italian place not being far; we could've walked in the time it takes to get through traffic and hand the car over to a valet. The inside's too dim for my tastes, but the menu suggests great things ahead. I order the sampler plate; he orders the lasagna. I've heard that lasagna is a real trick to make properly, so I'd probably better master basic cooking before I try that. I can't see how it would be all that hard.

On the other hand, I've managed to set my stove on fire trying to make tea, so maybe I'm not one to speak about relative difficulty in cooking. I'm told that I have the record for the most times any angel has ever accidentally set a member of a Judgment triad on fire. Since I've only done it twice, I have to wonder how many people I was competing with.

"So what brings you to the city?" Chad asks, between drinks and lunch. The place is so full I have to wonder that we got seats immediately.

"Graduated, wanted to do something with my life," I say. "I can't stick around home forever, no matter how comfortable it is. Too boring, and I want to feel like I'm out doing something."

"I understand, Megs. Everyone has to get out and sow a few wild oats. Anyone waiting for you back home?" He has a pleasant voice, like the less irritating sort of radio announcer, not quite as good as the people who introduce the music on the classical station. Very like the voice that the chair of the board used when speaking to prospective donors, or to staff balking at his newest policy changes.

"Got a boyfriend, yeah. He's a mechanic." I can only assume that detail of this Role was made up in order to justify how my car is still functioning. I wonder if I could trade it in for a few bucks towards a motorcycle? Maybe once I've finished the job here and move on, I can ask Jack for a loan. I'd ask him for a bike, but I'd rather not worry about my transportation coming up as stolen the next time I get stopped for speeding. "He lives back home, near my dad's place."

"Long-distance relationships can be difficult, sometimes. I hope that goes well for you." I bet you do, you slimy bastard. He sounds sincere. It's a handy trick to have.

"So what about you? Lived here long, just started up the company, or what?" I use two forks to make little woven designs in the noodles before biting through the pasta. "I mean, all the agency told me was that you needed someone to answer phones and do clerical work, nothing specific."

"I do marketing research, for various other companies. Not the big focus groups that the larger companies do, but data-crunching and, well, good ideas, if I do say so myself. One project at a time, so that I can give it the focus that it needs." Which means that if he is connected to whatever the hell Mannie's trying to figure out, all of the work Chad is doing will be focused on that project.

"So what's the current client wanting?" Not that I'll get a straight answer, but I'd like to see what direction he takes for lying about it. A Balseraph will slide around the truth while an Impudite will flat-out lie.

"Can't give the details, Megs." Ordinarily I'd be all for a nickname that was faster to say, but I don't like it coming from him. "NDAs all over the place, lots of sensitive information. But let me tell you this, it's going to revolutionize marketing when it comes through."

Revolutionize marketing. Not a revolutionary ad campaign for whatever this bit of tech is, but... revolutionize marketing. I file that phrase away to pass on later, and tell stories about my college life based on the gossip I got from other assistant teachers at the community center, until he decides to head back to the office.

He spends the rest of the day in the office, only stepping out when five o'clock rolls around and I'm ready to run. "I'll have more for you to do tomorrow," he says, a little smile to imply sympathy with an influx of actual work. I've done nothing but sort the desk's drawers and answer phones today; even the Daewoo is going to be a welcome change. "See you in the morning?"

"Sure thing. You're not heading home?"

"Big project, lots to do... I usually work late. You know how it goes. Work hard, play hard. Best way to live."

I return his smile. "See you tomorrow, Chad."

Stepping out of there is like climbing into a refueled car. The lobby's floors are slick enough to let me skid all the way across after a running start, and then it's two blocks of pedestrian-dodging to the pathetic little car I've been given. I try to make the best of what I have, but sometimes it's a real challenge.

Traffic's another mess, and not worth fighting through to the grocery store. I'll hit it later tonight when things have calmed down. So it's straight home for another evening of, um, not much at all. I have got to find a park near here or something. And I thought Heaven could get boring.

Half an hour later, right when I'm in the middle of trying to construct a model of the leaning tower of Pisa with the boxes I didn't use on the cityscape, there's a knock on the door. Three people standing outside looking official, and I know exactly what that means. "Hey, glad you guys finally made it here. Have a -- wait, I don't have a couch yet, so I can't offer you a seat, but one of you can use a desk chair?" The tall man in front must be the Seraph, and I'd guess the stockier man behind him as the Cherub, from the way he stands. I can't place the third one, a short woman with an exceptionally nondescript face. "Anyone want something to drink? I haven't had a chance to hit the grocery store yet, but I have some sort of juice-like substance in the fridge--"

"We don't need anything to drink," says the Seraph, sharply. "Please compose yourself so that we can move through this process efficiently."

"Sure!" They're not so cheerful to see me, but my last triad was pretty grouchy the first time we met, too. I guess being Judgment-like at people gets trying after a while. Standing is boring, so I work out a nice little three-loop pacing system to keep moving without getting far from either of them. Seraph, Cherub, unknown, Cherub, Seraph... It's a good pattern. The Seraph is the one who chooses to take the desk chair. "So what can I help you with today?" I wish they'd give me names, it's awfully impersonal to conduct an interview without them, but Judges get annoyed if you start asking them for information they haven't decided to give out yet.

"You've recently returned to Earth duty after a time in Heaven," says the Cherub, "and we note that you managed to do so without turning to the service of another Archangel. This does not speak well of your commitment towards furthering the cause of the Host."

"It's not like I can just run off and join up with another Superior," I say, and I don't like the way he refers to the Boss. It's probably a test, they're really fond of tests and prodding to see if someone's too willing to snarl back at them. I guess it's a necessary part of their investigating repertoire, but that doesn't mean I have to like it. "He gave me a job, and I'm getting back to it as soon as I can."

"We know full well how Servitors of Eli tend to conduct themselves," says the third member of the triad, with a disgusted tone that makes me inclined to believe she's not Elohite. "And have you found yourself spending excessive time on the pleasures of the flesh?"

"I am pretty fond of ice cream," I say, and search my memory for any other indulgences of late. I don't think most of what I do at work counts as pleasure, whether of the flesh or anything else, and it's expected that I like to move fast, so they're not going to care about my plans to upgrade my car's engine once I get Mannie out to take a look at it. "And I'm not really happy with my current car. I'm thinking of repainting it, and getting some sort of seat cover. So I'm maybe more attached to material possessions than I ought to be. Is that something I should be working on?"

"That's... not quite what I had in mind," says the woman slowly. "But you should... perhaps not be too concerned with food outside of what your Role requires. You would not want to aid the cause of Gluttony, in any of its meanings."

The Boss never had a problem with appreciating good food. I mean, he's come up with some great ideas on his own, and half the Creationers I've met can cook like you wouldn't believe. But it is Judgment's job to make sure angels don't get tangled up in Earthly desires, among other things, so I can't hold that comment against them. "I'll try to remember that."

The Seraph coughs. "I believe that what she meant was to ask after your interactions with humans."

"Well, I try to be polite and friendly, so far as I can manage, though it's a pain sometimes if people get unreasonable. And when traffic is awful I try hard not to get annoyed at the people around me, because it's not their fault that everything's stuck, or at least not entirely. Do you know if there's a Demon of Traffic Jams, or something along those lines? Because if so I'd think that taking that one would be a priority for someone, maybe Janus. Of course, since Windies cause traffic jams as often as they dodge them with their particular pranks, maybe it's not such a pressing issue as I'd think."

There's a brief silence. I complete another three-angel orbit. "Kai," says the Cherub finally, "have you been having sex with anyone?"

"No. Do you think I should be? I realize that it's an aspect of my Boss's Word that some other Servitors emphasize more than I do. Never got around to it myself, but it's true that as long as he's got his big plan to work on, I need to be more careful about sticking close to what he wants, since he's not right nearby to correct me if I start wandering off in another direction. So I could start trying that, if you think it's a good idea. I mean, it is a basic Rite and all that, so it's probably something I should have looked into earlier, but in my previous Role it never came up, you know how that goes. Which reminds me, I do want to let you all know that I appreciate how you take the time out to come by and check up on me. I think I usually do a pretty good job of sticking to what I ought to be doing, but it's helpful to have someone around asking questions so that I have to think about it, right?"

The Seraph says, in a voice that's weirdly hesitant for his Choir, "Eli's... big plan?"

"Yeah. You know. Whatever it is that has him outside of Heaven for so long. I mean, it's not like he's going to let me in on it, but it's pretty important if it's keeping him busy for this many years. I just hope that when it finishes up, he'll be able to tell me about it, because it's got to be something incredible at this rate."

The three of them are silent a little longer. Not the chattiest triad I've ever run into. "I wasn't recommending that you start having sex with anyone," says the Cherub faintly.

"Oh. Okay. I wasn't planning on it. But it's good to leave your options open, right?"

"And do you find yourself enjoying the options present on the corporeal plane?" This from the third member of the triad. The Seraph has covered his face with his hands for no reason I can identify. Maybe he's had an unusually long day?

"Of course. The Boss helped make it, and it's a nice piece of work. I love this place. That's why we work so hard to fight the Horde, right? To take care of Earth, and to let it get back to the way it was supposed to be, without demonic interference."

"I believe... that continuing this line of questioning would not be productive," says the Seraph. His face is still in his hands. "We will return at a later date to speak with you further."

"Sure thing. Sorry I couldn't be of more help. And if you let me know when you're showing up next time, I can try to have tea ready by then, or coffee, if you'd prefer that, though I'm not very good at making it." The Seraph stands up to head to the door. "Is there anything I could help you out with? Because, I mean, I'm not exactly an Elohite, but you seem kinda stressed."

"No," says the Cherub, the last one out the door. "Thank you."

Triads are always a little weird, especially the first time they meet a person. I guess it takes everyone time to warm up. Nice guys, though, and doing a hard job that I know I couldn't manage gracefully. I ought to make them cookies or something the next time they're by.

Which reminds me to call in with what little news I've acquired. Hunting through my phone's address book (and thank God they included an instruction manual, or I'd be poking at buttons forever), I find a listing for "Mikey". Sparkies have a weird sense of humor. Since the bed isn't suited for bouncing, I plan out an area to pace through, and I'm well on my way by the time the phone picks up on the other end.

"Good evening, Kai. How did your first day of work go?"

"Dull as dirt. I'm glad this job isn't supposed to last long. Do you know if many receptionists end up going on shooting sprees? And, hey, maybe that explains the thing with postal workers, they're doing clerical work all day long for busy people and -- no, I guess that wouldn't explain it, but it was a good theory. How's it going on your end?"

"It progresses," he says, which means they're not getting anywhere as fast as he'd like but he's trying to avoid saying anything snide about the speed of other people. Working out what Mannie means by what he doesn't say is almost as much fun as listening to what he does say. "Have you found out anything useful?"

"A whole lot of nothing, not that I expected much on day one. Oh, except! Something this Chad guy said over lunch, that might be relevant, assuming he's not just making things up to sound impressive. He said that this was going to revolutionize marketing. Not revolutionize some other industry, or be a revolutionary marketing campaign, but... yeah. So, do you think that's important?"

"Ah. Difficult to say. But I'll make a note of it in case it becomes relevant." I can just make out the scratching of his pen on paper through the phone's speakers, and it's a little weird to think that I'm actually listening to sounds from Heaven. You'd think that it would fail to translate, somehow become nothing but music... But it's just a pen, and Mannie speaking ordinary English. "If matters improve, you shouldn't need to stay there long."

"I hope not. They gave me a Daewoo, Mannie. The company doesn't even make cars anymore! I can't believe my car won't go over seventy. I don't suppose you could stop by and take a look at the engine, see if you can't crank a little more power out of this thing?"

"I'd be happy to help, but it's been decided that I shouldn't spend any time on the corporeal unless absolutely necessary, for, ah, security reasons."

"Oh. Okay." This apartment is too small to move in properly, and too big to walk around in by myself. I need someone else to talk to, or at least to pace around. "Good luck on the work, then."

"Thank you." And... that's it. Short conversation, directly to the point, nothing more than what would be expected for reporting in little more than zilch.

I thought he liked talking to me.

It must be the weirdness of being back on Earth, in a different vessel and in a job I don't like, that makes me sensitive like this. I'm not a Mercurian to get all worked up about how people are interacting with each other. I've done my duty for the night, it's time to go see what I can do as far as promoting my Boss's Word goes. Time to find a park.

The neighborhood's not set up for pedestrian traffic, but the park's close enough that it's faster to walk there than to coax the car out of my garage spot. There's a duck pond with no ducks, benches, playground equipment so safe there's not much playing to do there. No one in the park but an old lady sitting on a bench with a newspaper, and she gives me an evil glare for walking by; not the best prospect for conversation.

I'm halfway ready to call it a night and go looking for an ice cream store instead when I catch the distant edge of a very small chime of disturbance. If it's an angel, I can say hello, and if it's a demon, I can probably get away with discreetly pummeling it. A win-win situation!

I follow the tingle in the Symphony down to the back edge of the park, to where a chain-link fence surrounds an empty lot full of chest-high weeds. The sky's gone from sunset to darkening blue. I keep my head down and my feet quiet, moving in. Sharp dry weed-tops poke at my face; I'm still having some trouble remembering where all of myself is located, in this body.

Whispering. I crouch down to move closer, my eyes adjusting to the evening light until I can make my way through the overgrowth without slapping myself in the face too often.

At the back of the lot, up against an old wooden privacy fence, an unpainted shack sits with the door an open black mouth. In front of the doorway a child crouches, and another one in near it. Between them a dog roams on the end of a tightly-held leash.

"You'll remember me," says the child in the doorway. "And you won't tell. Cross your heart and hope to die."

"Stick a needle in my eye," finishes the other child, a little girl with tangled brown hair. She's the one holding the dog's leash. "You're sure he'll be okay?"

"If you don't tell, and make sure not to step on any cracks in the sidewalk all the way back home. But if you mess up, he'll get sick again. You want that?"

"No. Mom says if he gets sick again he goes to the shelter." The girl leaps to her feet. "I'll remember, and I promise, and I won't step on any cracks."

"Not one?"

"Not one." And with that she darts off in-between the weeds the way small children can, her dog loping beside her.

The child at the shack stands up and looks around, eyes glowing green in the darkness. No human kid, this one. It clicks its teeth together, pointed little teeth, and says, "Who's out there?"

Well, if it wants introductions... I spring forward and pin it to the ground. "Hi, kid. Let's talk."

Wide green eyes, with cat-like pupils. It snarls up at me. "Let me go, or I'll magic you away. I can do it."

"No, I don't think so. If you had a better Song than the one you used on that dog, you'd have already used it." It squirms beneath me, but no wonder it took on a child's form, it's barely stronger than one. "Do you want to tell me what you are, or should I start trying to figure it out?"

It finally stops squirming beneath me, and glares upward. "Does it matter? You'll kill this body, either way."

"Don't be so dramatic." I stand up and haul it to its feet. "How about a name? It's hard to have a polite conversation without a name. You can call me Megan, if you'd like."

"That's your name?"

"Close enough to it."

The child-thing nods slowly, and stops struggling against my grip, though it stands tensed for flight. "The children call me Cat," it says. "It's as much a name as yours."

"And what do you do here, Cat?"

"Heal things. Little magic." Its ears twitch, in a way no human child's would. "What do you care? I'm doing no harm."

"And the Essence you pull from them--"

"They give it up. A fair trade. A touch of worship for me, something they wanted. I fix their pets. I make the bruises they don't want anyone to see fade faster. Very fair." It licks its lips. "I can give you things, you know. If that's what you want. Teach you my little magics. I only want to live here in peace. Or tell you secrets? They come and tell me secrets, sometimes, so that someone will know. Little secrets, but you might want them?"

"You're just a little dreamling, aren't you?" I let go of the not-kid. "Who thought you up?"

"A child near here. Years ago. She dreamed that a god of cats would come down and heal her pet. In the dream, I was that god's daughter." Cat shifts from foot to foot as it talks, but knows better than to try to run for it when I'm standing so close. "I wandered among dreams for a time, and then I came down, but by then the cat was years dead, and the child had grown, moved away. So I heal other things. Is it so wrong that they should give me something in return?"

The little ethereal is trying to give me a pathetic kitty-eyed stare. I have to grant that it's cute. And it's not like a little bit of healing hurts anyone. I kill its vessel now, it'll come back with a new one, and might not be so friendly. "Okay, Cat, listen up. I'm going to let you go, but you can't run around ready to betray everyone to save your skin, understood? Stick to beneficial stuff, and I won't worry about you. Won't promise to hide you if anyone important comes looking, but I'll argue your case if you're staying good."

Cat nods quickly. "I'll stay in here. I like it here. This place is... very nice."

A dilapidated shack in an empty lot, a cat-eyed child hiding in the weeds. I suppose everyone has their own definition of Heaven. "Good. And try to keep the noise down, okay? There are other people to hear you."

It tilts its head at me, and twists one finger in its hair. Without those inhuman eyes and teeth, I could take it for one of the kids I used to teach ballet. "If you're a demon, why aren't you asking for payment? And if you're an angel, why aren't you trying to kill me? Are you one of the taking-demons, the kind that always takes tenfold repaid for every debt they're owed?"

"I'm no Lilim, dreamling. But I won't give you a hard time if you're doing something helpful. Don't count on anyone else to give you the same break."

Cat nods, and pulls its fingers out of its hair. "I will remember this. And I will owe you a favor for my life, though I can't pay it tenfold." It smiles at me, jagged little teeth strangely adorable. "And to show you I'm speaking the truth, I'll give you a small gift, so that you may avoid the cracks in the sidewalk on the way home."

All the way back to my apartment, I can see perfectly in the dark. I take care not to step on any cracks.

Adala found herself nose to nose with another Seraph in the middle of a long stretch of filing. "We need to talk," said the other Seraph.

She evaluated this statement. The words carried the implication that it was urgent for the speaker, but not necessarily the person being spoken to. She could fathom nothing more of the truth of the sentence than that the other person believed this to be true, information of little use when speaking to a Seraph in Heaven. "If you believe this is the case," she said, "then I will be willing to speak with you, once I have finished with this filing."

The second Seraph coiled restlessly while several folders were labeled and put into order. "Very well," said Adala. "What did you wish to discuss?"

"My name is Zephan," said the one who had interrupted her, still coiling restlessly about. The constant movement irritated Adala, but she chose not to mention this. "I was some months ago assigned to a triad, and have conducted myself as best I could since. I have examined those truths, lies, and misconceptions brought before me to determine the deepest truths I could in the words. I have judged as fairly as my wisdom allows, with the aid of my partners in this triad. My questions, examinations, and all my procedures have followed those guidelines and rules laid out for me. My reports have been thorough."

Adala suppressed a sigh. She too had once been this obsessive with performing duties as assigned, with no variation from form, when she had first begun to lead her triad. It was to this one's credit that he still believed he ought to do so, but it did not speak well of his confidence that he felt obliged to justify his own actions. "Was there something that you wished to speak about that pertains to me?"

"You had to deal with that one before. How did you manage?" All the feathers in Zephan's wings fluffed up as he said it, and he spun his head around to begin grooming them back into place.

"Which... what?"

"Kai. An Ofanite of Creation. She opened the door and said she was pleased to see us, and she was telling the truth. She said that we were there for her good, and believed this." Zephan moved as restlessly as a reliever asked to wait in silence. "When we questioned her about those sins which Creationers so often fall into, she misunderstood our questions! At one point the Ofanite seemed to believe we were suggested taking up more of those sins!"

"Oh," said Adala, in a soothing tone, "Kai is like that. You'll become more used to it over time if you interact with him frequently."

"And she's convinced that Eli is doing God's work down on Earth, in some grand master plan! And all I could tell was that dreadful ineffable fuzz! I cannot determine what to put in my report. All of the standard questions would have nonsense answers if I wrote down what was said. We didn't even reach half of our scheduled questions." Zephan shuddered in his coils. "How did you deal with such an angel for decades?"

"Incorrectly, I am led to believe," Adala said. "Perhaps you will avoid those same mistakes. Perhaps you will not."

"She makes my head hurt when she's telling the truth," Zephan said, plaintively. "I didn't think they were supposed to be able to do that."

"One learns many things during time spent in a triad," Adala said. "Some of them even useful." She returned to her filing. After moment, she said, without looking back at the other Seraph, "I would recommend strong painkillers. And do not, under any circumstances, accept any offers of food."

"She tries to poison Judges?"

"No. Kai attempts to be hospitable and friendly. The Ofanite is simply poorly suited to the task of cooking. Try not to arrive near mealtimes." She labeled another file properly, and could hear that Zephan was moving towards the door. "Tell me, is Kai... well?"

"She did not seem distressed, or injured," said Zephan, pausing. "Was there some reason you wanted to know?"

Because she did not wish to speak the truth, Adala remained silent until she was alone again.

Zif must be unusually busy. I expected her to appear shortly after I sent the email, but she's only now appeared in my doorway. She shuts the door behind her, ever the soul of tact.

"You feel guilty."

"You're sure you're not an Elohite?"

"The day you meet an Elohite with hooves, I would like to hear of it," she says. I like her a little better in this form than when she's in her vessel; there's something relaxing about that serene horsey face that isn't there in her counselor-mode mask when she's looking human. "Do you want to talk about it?"

"I wouldn't have sent the message otherwise." I wonder if all Cherubim provide therapy sessions for their attuned, or if most only provide bodyguard services. I'm lucky to have a Cherub who does both. What did I ever do to deserve someone like her?

"But you might have changed your mind in the meantime. I see this isn't the case." One ear flicks at me. "And it would seem that this particular reaction hasn't sprung from the usual causes."

"Not this time, no." I have my bouts of self-doubt and guilt, wondering how I've come to be an angel after the things I've done. The worst one recently when I found out what the demons had told Kai while they were holding him... But this isn't that sort of guilt. "Tell me, should I feel guilty for doing the right thing?"

"The right thing? That's a subjective phrase. People often do what they believe is best based on limited information, filling in the rest with guesswork. Sometimes it turns out to be the wrong thing."

"You're not really helping, here."

Zif snorts. "I am not trying to comfort you, Mannie. I am pointing out the truth."

I spread my hands. "I don't know if I've done the right thing, and I feel guilty because I believe I may be wrong... And yet, I've made the best decision I can, based on the data available to me. What am I supposed to do?"

She only looks at me. Of late Zif has become more fond of letting me answer my own questions.

"Adapt?" I offer, not sure if it's the right answer. As if she were a teacher calling me out, and I wanted a pat on the head.

"That's one way to deal with it."

"So I, ah, adjust my responses based on new information as it arrives, and changing circumstances. I know this, Zif. But why do I feel like I betrayed a friend when I solved a personnel problem, gave him what he wanted, and never once lied to him about what was involved?"

Zif taps a hoof on the carpet. "Can a Balseraph tell the truth?"

"What -- yes. A Balseraph can tell the truth. They believe they're always telling the truth..."

"And while telling the truth, can they convince others of it?"

"Certainly. As easily as they could if they were lying -- oh." That would explain the queasy feeling that's been sitting in my stomach all day, and why I felt so strange when Kai called. "I spent centuries in Hell learning to manipulate people into doing what I wanted them to do. So when I employ the same skills to convince a friend to do something which is a favor for me, even if what I ask is reasonable, it feels... wrong."

Zif nods, but doesn't speak. Very well.

"And what does that mean now? Do I try to be less convincing when asking my friends to help me with something? Or do I get over the guilt reflex?"

"A skill is only that," Zif says. "A skill. Nothing more. Some are difficult, or even impossible, to use for good purposes, but they are only... skills. Experience, learning, talent, one's own abilities."

"You haven't answered my question," I say.

"No," says Zif. "I suppose I haven't." She trots over to my desk and peers at my notes. "How does this project progress?"

"Miserably. I've spent hours on these photographs, and I'm not getting any more out of them than before. Without any more information, I have no context to help me. I don't even know who it is that wrote these up."

"Does it make a difference?"

"Does it -- of course it makes a difference." I push the photographs away, a pointless gesture, but I'm sick of looking at them. "Anyone who works for Vapula for long develops an individual style of making notes. Work with someone for long enough, and no matter how closely they guard their own notes, anyone with half a brain will start to pick up on certain characteristics. But one demon's subtle allusions to an equation referred to earlier is another one's periodic table." There's a fresh cup of coffee waiting when I reach for it; Maharang must have been in earlier before Zif came in, and left again without disturbing me. "No context beyond these partial notes means I could spend days on them and never pull out more than what I've discovered already."

Zif nods, slowly. "I haven't been specifically following this, but... did anyone see any of the demons who were working on this?"

"Only the one human, who--" I stop. "Oh Hell."

Zif raises one eyebrow. It's a strange expression for a quagga's face. "This... did not occur to anyone?"

"I didn't even think about it. They pushed her out a window, she ought to have at least one or two vessel faces down, it's a potential lead and I didn't even consider it." It would distress Zif if I actually gave into temptation and beat my head against the desk, so I settle for leaning my head in my arms. "What sort of idiot am I? One Ethereal Force, you'd think it wouldn't remove my entire set of cognitive processes..."

"No one else thought of it either," Zif says, her voice shading from counselor closer to soothing. "You're approaching everything from a different direction than before. It's to be expected that there will be gaps for a time, Force-loss aside."

"I am. Such. An idiot."

"Mannie. Stop it." I look up at her, and see one ear has flipped back. "What good does it do you to bemoan a mistake?"

I still think she's an Elohite, somewhere under the fur, hooves, and pointed ears. "None at all, Zif. I'll send Gariel a message to ask if there are any images for me to look at."

Within five minutes I'm back in the conference room, with Gloria standing nearby pointing to pictures in various states of blur. Memory-to-paper transcription only does so much good when applied to someone without a perfect memory, and she had reason to be distracted.

"Sandra Guiterrez. A secretary, I think. Only met her once." The face belongs to no one I recognize. "Keith Newton. Intern. Worked late." One of the clearest pictures, but again, not someone I've seen. "Susan Lee. One of the scientists." This picture is barely more than a blur, vague impression of hair length, blue eyes. Even if I knew the demon behind it, I couldn't tell from that image. "Donnie... Don't know the last name. Another scientist. Didn't catch this one's name. Another scientist. Tina, something beginning with an E, intern. Worked late. Head of the scientists, Alexander Renaud--"

"Wait," I say. Back in the mess of pictures, two of them seem... familiar. No one I knew well enough to place, but familiar. The unnamed scientist, a woman with dark hair and sharp eyes. And the intern, Tina... "Ah! Tina. Of course. Tinalle, Balseraph. Not much of one yet, mind, or she'd be a scientist. Mostly used her for fetching things and running errands too sensitive to send humans on." That little demon hasn't changed vessels since I last saw her, and Gloria's memories have caught the uncertain, sly look in her eyes perfectly. There's nothing quite like a seven-Force Balseraph to combine arrogant scheming and nervous hesitation in a single package.

Gloria stares at me for a moment, a hard look. Curious, I take my own look into her eyes, but the only Need I can see there has nothing to do with me. I don't even know how it's decided which souls become Saints and which are left in Heaven; there was no proper analogy to the position in Hell. "And the other one you pulled?"

"I don't know." The face feels distantly familiar, but I can't put a name or Band to it. Someone I worked with once in passing, met a few times, or spent years beside, now lost in one of the gaps inside my mind. "It might come to me later. Or it might only be someone with a similar face. Not that this helps any."

Gariel shifts from where he's been silently watching us. "More information than before is of some use."

"For what it's worth." I pull back the picture of Tinalle, nervous little Balseraph who you could tell was looking forward to the day when she could lord it over lesser demons herself. Delivered messages, guarded doors, fetched bits of equipment, performed simple tasks and experiments too mind-numbing for anyone else to bother themselves with... And one time, having left a burner on too long, ruined an entire week's work, and came running to me saying that she would owe me if I'd only cover for her mistake.

Now this is worth a smile. "She owes me."

Gloria shrugs. "Like a demon would honor debts. Especially to one it considers a traitor."

"No, you don't understand. She owes me." I can find the Geas hook if I search for it, one of the stronger ones. I always held onto the little debts, a way to guard my own back if someone became inconveniently powerful, or in case of emergencies. I'd never though this one would be useful, but it was such a simple favor from my position. "I can track her from halfway across the world if I need to, though it would take some time. And when I ask her to pay me back, she will do it."

The soul frowns at me; apparently Geases and angels don't mesh well in her mind. "And that's holy?"

"As holy as a Malakite with a machine gun," I say.

"It is one more avenue of approach," says Gariel hastily. "Mannie, take a break. I'll consider the information."

I stand up, nod, leave the conference room. If he'd meant to only wait a few minutes, he would have said so, which means I have... time.

Time is easier to deal with when Kai's about to distract me.

Now that I have the chance to do so, I miss him. I don't want to be back on Earth -- I only ever appreciated it as a change from Hell, not on its own merits, and Heaven is more pleasant still -- but I'd become accustomed to having Kai nearby and available. Once I've stepped out of the Halls of Progress, I stop seeing people I know, and even polite strangers are strangers.

Zif is padding alongside me; I don't know when she arrived. "You don't have more pressing duties downstairs?" I ask, though I don't want her to leave.

"I'm told they are considering sending you back down to track this little demon," she says. Gariel must have sent her a message just as I left. "If you intend to go there, I'll be nearby, so it would be a waste of time to go back to my duties."

"How practical."

"I try."

The path we're walking on has turned to gravel, a sure sign we've moved out of the immediate domain of the Halls of Progress. My two feet crunch in one pattern, and Zif's hooves in another. "You're not following me about because I might be returning to Earth, Zif."

Her steps are perfectly serene. "And we're not having an ordinary walk through a beautiful place?"

"I'll grant that it's beautiful, but you're too Elohite to spend time on an ordinary walk. You go on an ordinary walk for a reason."

"I wasn't asking you any questions."

"Because you knew eventually I would begin talking."

"And so you have."

I find a bench beneath a tree to sit at; I'm no Ofanite to do all my thinking in motion. "And if I ask you what you wanted to speak about, you'd only say that it was whatever I wanted to speak about, so we can skip past that turn of the conversation back to the part where I tell you what's bothering me."

She smiles that little Jean-like smile, and says nothing.

"And so. We return to the original point, which is what I wrote you about, and here's the part that's bothering me now that I think about it. Why the guilt for such small things? With all I've done, why is it the harmless manipulation that bothers me?"

"Do you want an answer, or did you want to figure this one out yourself?"

Hand to the back of my head. The corners of my mind are still frayed. I need to find a way to weave over all the gaps and pinprick holes. "I'll settle for answers, this time."

"Well. There are a few possibilities." Zif digs a small hole in the gravel with one hoof, and covers it over again. "You have formed personal attachments with Kai where you had not with anyone you wronged before. Thus, you may experience an abstract sense of regret for your previous deeds, but with Kai the reaction is more personal, and thus more intense."

That's a possibility I could live with, for all that it implies I don't mean to make up for my past sins. "What else?"

"That your current deeds, being more recent, are more likely to have emotional consequences than those which occurred long ago."

Again, it says nothing good about my own character. But I could accept this. "And those are the two reasons?"

Zif tamps down a rough patch of gravel with a back hoof. "Or it might be that by focusing your guilt on a small incident which you are sure was meant for good, you distract yourself from responsibility for greater crimes."

"I could have done without hearing that possibility. Which, ah, likely means that it's the correct one."

"Psychology is not mathematics. More's the pity. There's seldom a single correct answer to the questions."

Everywhere I look, I see people who belong here. Every blessed soul that passes by reached some individual destiny, the struggle to achieve it proportional to their abilities. Relievers think nothing of offering their help to anyone who wants it, as well as those who don't. Angels have spent millennia here doing nothing but good. Kai fits in perfectly, for all that he grows bored with near-perfection. Zif manages to embody two Choirs at once, and never loses patience with an attuned who can't stay out of trouble where he ought. And me? I waste the time of others moping over what I'm feeling, or complaining about the small thing redemption took from me.

If Kai were here, he'd tell me to stop sulking, and pester me until I couldn't help but let myself be distracted. But he's down on Earth, doing a job I asked him to do.

A reliever bounces off my back, clambers around to hop on my knees while I'm still blinking. "Guess what!" Maharang says, dancing from one knee to another. "Guess what!"

"...ah?" I think Zif is suppressing a smirk. It is difficult to mope with a butterfly-winged reliever expressing this level of enthusiasm at me. If she hadn't been standing beside me all along, I'd accuse her of sending for it.

"No, no, you have to guess! What I got!" It's not going to leave me be until I do, is it? I have no idea what would make a reliever so happy.

"I don't know, Maharang. Why don't you tell me?"

"You haven't made any guesses at all! I will give you a hint," the reliever says, and climbs up my arm to whisper in my ear. "It's marvelous."

"If you've been playing with the Windies again, I'd guess it to be something stolen."

"Nope! All mine. I got it right and proper from a very nice angel, downstairs."

"You've been down -- That's dangerous, Maharang. You shouldn't go wandering down Tethers without permission." A full-fledged angel can get into enough trouble wandering around the corporeal plane, much less a tiny reliever.

"I didn't go far. I only wanted to see where Kai was, because I haven't seen him for hours and hours and hours, so I went to the Halls of Creation, and then there was this Tether, and I thought maybe he went down there, so I went down there whoosh!"

"And... what did you get, while you were down there?" I can think of a thousand dangerous things for a reliever to acquire when unaccompanied on the corporeal, Geas hooks being among them. I don't think this one could tell an angel from a Demon Prince.

"I went out to look, and it was very different, all very different, and then this one nice man saw me and told me I ought to be careful! But we talked." Maharang drops back down to hop from one knee to another. If it must go dancing about on someone, why can't it play on top of Zif? I'd like to see how well her calm stands up to that. "And I told him I was looking for Kai, and about you, and that I was trying very very hard to be good, and doing lots of helpful things, and did he know where Kai had gone? And he said that I was maybe a little too little to be looking for someone down there just yet, so I ought to go home. So I did. Back up the Tether! Whoosh!"

Zif's ears perk up. "And what did this angel give you, child?"

"You're supposed to guess," Maharang says, indignantly. "But I will tell you anyway. He gave me a Force! Another one, all my own! So that I can work on growing up until I'm big enough to go play downstairs and look for people myself, he said."

"An angel at the bottom of a Creation Tether gave you a Force? How... curious," Zif says, and she gives me a look that says she's come to the same conclusion I have.

"And what type of Force did it give you?" I ask, with faint hope that, against all evidence, little bat-brained Maharang has just become a bit smarter.

"Corporeal. I can hit things now! Well. Some day. He said it would be useful! Because bad people do things, but I'll be able to stop them! Eventually." Maharang wrinkles up its little face. "I wish it would happen faster, though. It takes an awfully long time to become an angel."

I suppress a sigh. It's dreadfully proud of its new Force. Surely I can come up with something to promise to Jean, if he'll only weld another Ethereal Force to the reliever. "Congratulations."

"Thanks!" Having told its story, it leaps up into the air, and heads off in what appears to be the direction of the Grove. No doubt to show off its new Force to all its other friends. I can barely make out Maharang singing "Hitting things, hitting things, yay!" as it goes.

"I shall never understand that Archangel," Zif says, more to herself than to me.

"Well," I say, "as the Seraphim are always complaining. Ineffable."

Her ears flick forward, one after another. "Indeed."

Day two of the job. Chad was in the office when I got here, and I wonder if he pretends to go home to sleep. Out in the waiting room I clear my inbox of spam, answer one telemarketing call, line up all of the sugar packets in the bin by the coffee maker, clean the microwave, and create a level out of paperclips and string to make sure that painting is hung as straight as it gets. There's just short of nothing to do, and I'm starting to wonder why this guy bothered to arrange for a temp at all. I guess having someone else in the front of the office makes his company look more prestigious, or professional. Never quite understood the whole status display thing, but I'm told that's the reaction of a Creationer.

The phone rings. "Hello, thank you for calling Cadence, Incorporated, how may I help you?" I kick my feet up on the desk and see how far back I can tilt the chair on its wheels without actually toppling over.

"Could you pass me over to Chad, sweetheart?" The voice has a touch of familiarity, nothing I can place. "You can tell him it's someone from IMS."

That's one of the names on the list he gave me yesterday. "Certainly, just a moment, please." I smack the hold button on the phone, then the intercom. "Chad, there's a call from IMS for you, line one." There are exactly two phone lines to choose from. I don't know that there would be a reason for anyone to call line two, but as long as I'm playing secretary I might as well do it properly.

"Thanks, Megs." Intercom snaps off, and the blinking red light on the phone turns green. I ought to remember to mention IMS to Mannie; I don't know how useful an acronym could be, but it's something.

I arrange my paperclips by color, size, texture, and appearance of suitability for future work. Maybe another telemarketer will call and I'll get a chance to use the rumored line two. Won't that be exciting. Paperclips deemed insufficiently useful find themselves twisted into shapes, and I begin to work out a model of the Eiffel Tower. I've never seen it in person, but it's pretty much a tall, narrow pyramid on four legs, right? This is complicated by how tricky it is to bend paperclips straight again.

Chad's arguing with someone on the phone. Vigorously enough that I can hear, not loudly enough for me to make out the words. I abandon my tower half-built and push my chair back to nearly up against the wall, close enough to listen better without being in a compromising position if he storms out of the office. I think.

The argument's volume increases, until I can make out words and phrases, nothing useful yet, mostly profanity. Sounds like demons get along with each other as well as I've always heard. And to think, these are the ones that are trying to work together. I'd like to see how the hostile demons interact. Probably from a safe distance.

Chad's entire desk phone, cord dangling behind it, slams through the frosted glass top to his office door. I duck the bits of glass, and, sure enough, disturbance. No human, this one. Half a second later he flings open the door, looks around wildly. "Megs? Are you okay?"

"Oh, me? Sure." There's a bit of glass on my lap, but nothing hit hard enough to cut. "Did you want me to step outside so you can finish your call in here?"

"The... cord ripped out," he says, and stares at me. Am I supposed to be reacting more strongly to this? "You're sure you're okay?"

"Compared to rolling a car at 75 miles per hour, or the time I went face-first over the front of my boyfriend's motorcycle, a phone through a window isn't all that distressing." I poke through the closet of office supplies. "Do we have a broom?"

"I was aiming for the wall," he says distantly. "I didn't mean to hit the window..."

"Hey, mistakes happen. And no one is hurt, so it's all good." There's a little hand-sized broom and dustpan, so I go crouch down by the door to clean up the glass. Having it scattered across a rug is going to complicate matters, I can't use the damp paper towel method of getting little bits up like I did the last time a coffee pot exploded. Chad is still standing there, staring at me, and I wonder if he's trying really hard to sound authentically concerned, or if he intended to get me into bed and now needs to figure out if this will cause problems. "I didn't expect a business call to get so heated. Problem with the contract?"

"No," he says. He picks up the phone, takes it back into the office, then returns to stand next to where I'm picking glass out of the carpet. "Only that... my clients want some things faster than it's possible to deliver them."

"Yeah, my boyfriend complains about that too. Fix this, fix that, make my car do something it's not ever going to manage to do, and they want it yesterday, and at a discount for the delay." I dump a dustpan full of glass pieces into the wastebasket by my desk. "What were they asking for this time?"

"Unreasonable things. They would not know how marketing works if it came up and stabbed them." He takes a breath. "But that's why they're paying me to do this. I'll explain things more thoroughly to them in person."

"Sounds like a plan." I think I've picked up as much of the glass as I'm going to get out of the carpet. The phone rings, so I dash over to the desk to grab it. "Hello, thank you for calling Cadence, Incorporated, how may I help you?"

"Same person who called last time, sweetheart. Would you put me through?"

"Just a moment, please!" I slap the hold button. "They called back. If you plug the cord back into your phone, I can transfer the call."

"No, that's..." I'm not sure if he wants to scream or burst into tears, but he's definitely suppressing some reaction. "Why don't you take an early lunch, Megs? This shouldn't take long."

"Sure thing. Let me just grab my bag." I lean over to pick up my bag, flick on my cell phone's sound recording function, and let the phone fall out of my pocket onto the floor. "I'll be back in half an hour, tops." I tap the phone further under the desk with my foot on the way out.

The sunlight is gorgeous outside, and the air tastes like the end of summer. I could enjoy being further north, though of course I'll head back home as soon as I can. By the time I've got a teaching job again, most of the kids will be so out of practice they'll need to restart half a class lower. I only hope they'll want to come back; it can take a lot of work to get back to where you were on a neglected skill.

I take a spin into a corner convenience store. The woman behind the counter smiles at me. "Very pretty," she says, with an accent so thick I can barely make out the words. "You dance?"

Up to the counter, and I pirouette nicely in front of her. "When I can. You?"

"Oh," she says, and laughs, waving one hand. "When I was a girl. Long time ago. Nice to see girls dance again."

I let my three steps to the freezer show off, an entertaining challenge in sandals. And, oo, they have my favorite flavor of ice cream. Back to the counter with a pint, and I sweep a bow as I put it down. "Thank you."

"No, no, thank you." She pats my hand, begins tapping away at the cash register. "You should wear a skirt. Boys like girls in skirts."

"Do they?" I spin in front of the counter until it's time to pause and hand over money. "I'll have to remember that. I'm not sure I even own any skirts right now."

Her smile makes all her wrinkles beautiful. "Boys like girls who dance. Skirts, too. You can find a nice boy."

"I already have one," I say, and spin back outside.

I don't have a spoon, and people look at you strangely if you try to eat a pint of ice cream without one, so I take my time heading back to the office, wandering every which other way. This part of the city shows its age in the architecture and the touch of grime, the way buildings with brick fronts are made of actual brick instead of having an eighth inch of brick coating. I admire the way humans can take the basic concepts of shelter and storage, and turn it into practical art. The things I could do in this city, with a little time and direction... But I was given a job, and I'm getting back to it, I really am, as soon as I can. Got to make sure the Boss knows where to find me once he finishes up on his project. I'm not sure how to get my new phone number to him, but he's all ineffable and stuff, so I'm sure he can work that out. Or he could check a phone book.

Chad's in his office when I get back, so I take my time rummaging through the drawer beneath the microwave for the perfect spoon. It's a mish-mash of assorted utensils, and the one I'm looking for is specific. He walks out right when I finally find it, a nice straight spoon with a flower pattern on the handle. "Megs, when you have a minute, call around and find out how soon we can get that window fixed, would you?"

"Sure thing." I head back to my desk with spoon and ice cream in hand. "Anything else you need me to work on while I'm at it? I'd rather not waste your money sitting around twiddling my thumbs if I could lend you a hand, maybe let you leave work on time for once." Give me some information, here. I take a bite. The ice cream is every bit as good as it was the last time I tried this flavor. Thank God for neighborhood convenience stores.

He drums his fingers on my desk. "Actually, yes. Find some restaurant for lunch tomorrow, and make reservations for three people. No, four, you can come along. Some place where we can talk business. Noon reservations should be fine."

"Clients coming by?" I scoot the cell phone towards me under the desk with one foot. Got to read the manual again tonight and make sure I know how to take pictures.

"Flying in tomorrow, yes. To discuss things in person." He's trying to project confidence, but I think underneath there he's awfully worried. Good thing he doesn't want me to stay behind and answer phones, though I don't know why he'd want me along on a business meeting. Taking notes? Strength in numbers? I'll let someone else figure that out.

"Don't worry, then. I'll set it up." I can feel the caffeine starting to kick in, exactly what I need. Fire extinguisher or no, I'm not going to try making coffee here, and he doesn't seem interested in doing it himself.

"Thanks, Megs. You're a wonder." The flashy grin is entirely for my benefit. How charming. "...is that your lunch?" I think he's just now registered the ice cream.

"Yeah. My favorite kind." I show him the label. "Coffee Coffee, Buzz Buzz Buzz. Coffee and mocha ice cream, bits of chocolate-covered espresso beans. Life doesn't get much better than that."

"So I see." He takes a step back, and a longer look at me. "Since we're heading out to a dressy place tomorrow, could you dig out a nicer outfit to wear? I don't mind the jeans, but with clients coming--"

"I'm pretty sure I have a skirt somewhere," I say. And if I don't, I can buy one.

"Good girl," he says, and pats me on the shoulder. Because I have more self-control than some Ofanim, I do not use any of the items within reach to stab the hand in question, but only smile until he's back in his office.

Then it's under the desk to retrieve my phone, turn off the recording, and plug it into my computer. It could wait until I got home, but I want this information sent out as quickly as possible, to get through this job sooner.

Dull day, after the brief moment of entertainment. I'm not sure they chose the right person for this job. A Mercurian wouldn't have any problem playing secretary, an Elohite would know what the demon was feeling, but me? I want to race off somewhere that isn't here, get out of this awful little room. How about a Kyriotate? Their host might appreciate skipping the actual work and still taking home a paycheck. Seraphim aren't so great at undercover and most Malakim wouldn't be well-suited to this for obvious reasons, but, come on, an Ofanite. They couldn't come up with anyone better to do the job than me?

That's something to think about on the way home, coaxing the blasted car through traffic. It would be faster to run than drive, but there's that whole matter of maintaining a Role.

I call Mannie while trying to find something formal inside my closet. There's one skirt, loose enough that I can run in it if I need to, and it'll have to do. "Hey, Kai," he says, and I let out a breath I hadn't realized I was holding until he picked up on the other end. "We received the recording you sent."

"Anything useful? I was out of the office at the time, so I don't know what was on it." I slide the closet shut, and work my pants off, skirt on with my free hand. Yeah, I can run in this if I need to.

"Potentially useful. We're working on checking some of the references against other information that's come up. I would recommend buying sunglasses if the people mentioned in the conversation are going to be stopping by, as context suggests that one of them is a Lilim. Did you encounter anything else today?"

"Well." I dance through the living room, not enough room to do proper moves but the tighter ones will fit if I'm careful. Wouldn't want to smack over my cityscape with a rogue foot. "When he threw his phone through the window I heard disturbance, so he's definitely a demon. Okay, not definitely, I suppose there's the possibility that he could be an ethereal or even an angel under really deep cover, but that seems unlikely, right?"

"He threw a phone through the window?" He's going all worried on me again, I can hear it. I do a quick spin in the kitchen and head back along my route.

"Yeah, but he wasn't aiming for it. Made a mess, nothing more. Apparently the person on the other end of the line pissed him off. Do demons always get along so badly? I mean, they're all on the same side, though I guess it's not like I'm one to speak about cooperation, when War is still snarling at Judgment over a trial that happened ages ago. You'd think they'd have gotten over it by now."

"Ah. Kai. They -- yes. Demons get along like that, and if they seem to cooperate well, it's because their goals are similar, or they wish to hide their intention to betray the other."

"Always?" What a dreary, nervous way to live, never knowing when people you work with might try to hurt you. I'd think more demons would go running for angelic Tethers the instant they got to Earth, if only for a chance to get away from that. Maybe some do, but the Game is watching... It's an unpleasant thought.

"Not... always. But largely, yes."

If I kick the bathroom door open, I can put on hand on the counter as if it were a bar in the practice room, point one foot straight out behind me. The familiar moves aren't quite the same as having a fast car, but it's a type of controlled motion I know better than any other. "At least you're out of that now. Oh, right, nearly forgot, the person who called? Says she's calling from IMS. Do those initials mean anything to you?"

"Not immediately, but we'll--"

"Look into it, right. All that research. I'd be bored stiff." The skirt is more comfortable than my jeans would have been for doing the splits. Maybe there's something to be said for culturally-defined female fashion. "Not that this job isn't half past boring itself, but I'd be more bored stiff if I were stuck in a bunch of paperwork trying to track down references. Or wherever it is that you keep these sorts of things." I stand up, twirl, watch the fabric spin around me, wrap down my legs when I change directions. Yeah, I could learn to like skirts. "You keeping yourself entertained?"

"More or less," he says, and there's something in the lack of hesitation that means he's not telling me something. Not another Lightning secret, but something I'd want to know.

But. He's choosing not to tell me. I will be polite, and respect his privacy, and not ask about whatever it is that he's avoiding. "I wish you could come visit. That would be fun. But I'm sure when this job finishes I can swing by before I head back out to where I need to be, right?"

"I certainly hope so." A pause at the other end, a faint musical voice, that must be little Maharang bringing him a note or cup of coffee. Sweet kid, and I hope it fledges Ofanite when it gets around to that, because someone needs to keep Mannie from working himself to exhaustion when I'm not around. Nothing quite like an Ofanite to keep things moving. Take a look at Janus for proof in motion. "I'd better get back to work."

"Always with the working. You're such a Sparky." I flip the phone into the air, catch it again. "I'll call again tomorrow, or if anything major comes up. Let me know if anything big happens on your end, okay?" And then I hang up, because he'll get twitchy if he tries to say that he will without actually lying about it.

Bored. Tired of the apartment. So I drag the car along on a shopping trip, time to support Trade, which has always been a friendly Word. Proper groceries to cook with, better shoes, and a little air freshener for the car in the shape of a Mercurian silhouette, because if Jack stops by he'll find it funny. Sunglasses like Mannie suggested, and the man behind the counter in the kiosk helps me try on a dozen pairs until I find the perfect fit. "They look good on you," he says, once I've settled on a cheap but functional pair. "Planning on going anywhere special tonight?"

"With sunglasses on? Hardly." All the world tinted a shade darker. I'm not sure I like it, but maybe it's better in sunlight than inside the mall. "Tomorrow, though. Why do you ask?"

"Curious," he says, his smile all awkward. "That's all. Only if, see, if you're not doing anything tonight, I know some places..."

"Hey, I don't have anything more exciting planned than staring at the computer and trying to cook, not tonight. Where would you suggest?" I spin while waiting for an answer, reverse directions, and the skirt wraps around me. Never going to get tired of that move.

"Depends. Are you 21?"

I try to remember my Role's age. "Not quite yet."

"In that case, there's an arcade down on Madison, attached to an ice skating rink, that's open until two in the morning. They have all the classic games, new stuff, skeeball, you name it. That's where I was going to head as soon as the mall closed anyway, if you wanted to come along? I'm meeting up with some friends there. I mean, if you're bored, or anything."

"Bored's my middle name these days," I say. "Besides, I'm new to the city. I'd love to meet some people."

"Sweet. Um, you want to meet me here, then, when the mall closes? That's about half an hour from now, really sucky hours as a mall goes."

"I can entertain myself in a mall for half an hour, sure."

I never spent time in malls back home; clothes could be acquired from the local thrift shop, books from the used book store, and my friends were other teachers with better things to do with their time, or kids too young to drive themselves to the mall. I don't think I'll start. Too many shops selling mass-produced clothing and shoes, nothing hand-made except imports from places where labor is cheap. Marc and Eli both would agree that market in Seattle is better.

There's a line of pay phones near the restrooms. I could wait there, but they'd never ring for me. If anyone wants to call, I have my cell phone now.

The guy from the kiosk, who's named something atrocious he won't admit to but goes by JJ, is lousy at giving directions, so I find my way to the arcade more efficiently. "You've been here before?" he asks, when I coax the Daewoo into a parking spot. "I didn't even know that route would work."

"Passed it a while back, and remembered a shortcut," I say, and give the car a kick when the interior light refuses to turn off. This does not convince the light to turn off. "Half a sec." I clamber back into the car, dig a screwdriver out of the glove compartment, disassemble the light, and unscrew the bulb. There. "Okay. You were saying?"

"Nothing much." He leads me inside the arcade, where dozens of games compete with individual theme music, flashing, promises of entertainment. "I hate to say this, because I would have to take the bus if you hadn't given me a ride, but your car sucks, Megan."

"Tell me about it. I'm trading in for something better the minute I can." I search my pockets for change from the shopping trip, and find my total resources are down to less than ten dollars. It's a good thing vessels don't need to eat. "So what do you recommend?" Classify video games as another one of those things I haven't tried. Most of my friends, when they bothered dragging me off somewhere for fun, would take me to clubs or bars. The last video game I played was Mrs. Pacman, back when it was new.

"Depends on what your style is." JJ chews his lip, and then points at a set of consoles set up in front of low platforms. "You ever tried any of those?"

"Heard of them, I think, but I haven't tried any." I make my way through the casual jostle of children and teenagers, mostly shading into post-high school crowd as parents take their children home for the night. A low platform with the surface divided into nine squares, four with arrows on them. "So, how does this work?"

"Simple. Here, try it on one of the easy songs to start with, and when you have the hang of it you can try the harder ones." He drops two quarters into the slot, taps through the menu options. "My, um, ex-girlfriend used to play this a lot. Never was so good at it myself, but you can pick up some from watching." A garish background, and the first strains of a peppy song. My type of music. "When the arrows hit the line at the top, you step on the appropriate pad. Dancing, see?"

"Not quite the kind of dancing I'm used to, but steps to music are steps to music." The arrows are coming along slowly, perfectly to the beat of the music, and it's barely worth the effort to hit each in turn. By twenty steps in the game has begun to congratulate me on not missing any steps. Far too easy. "Does this have any faster songs?"

"Sure, if you're up for it. You're doing fine. We can bump it up a few levels once this song ends." JJ breaks off to greet his friends as they accumulate, half of them demanding to know where he was, they thought he'd missed the bus. A quick round of introductions just as the song finishes.

"Not a bad score, for an easy song," says the one introduced as Sharon, "but it gets much harder at the higher levels." She steps over to the second pad, drops quarters in, chooses a versus mode. "Let's kick it up a few notches."

"She hasn't played before," JJ protests, but I can recognize a challenge when I see one, and I'm not going to let it pass by.

"Don't worry," I say, "this is fair. I took dance lessons before, so I'm sure I can keep up." Someone passes me enough quarters to accept the request on the screen. Apparently it's my turn to choose the song, so I look for the highest-rated one I can find. "This one any good?"

"What's the point of wasting quarters on failing out before the song even finishes?" says one of JJ's friends.

"No, that's great," Sharon says. "One of my favorites."

"It has a good beat, and you can dance to it?" She doesn't catch the reference, so I settle for a grin. "Whenever you're ready."

The song kicks into motion, arrows begin pouring onto the screen, and I've finally found a video game for Ofanim to play. For the first few bars I settle for hitting the all the arrows at the right time, but there's nothing exciting about that, so I start tossing in a little more flair to it. See if I can do a pirouette on that held one in the few instants before I have to start tapping other arrows again, memorize a coming row and turn to do a move with my back to the screen. A touch slower and I'd try a handstand, but I do want to win. The game's screaming some sort of over-the-top praises at the string of unmissed moves. I bet that if I could get a few of these set up in Heaven, Mannie could edit out that feature. Use one of the empty rooms in the Halls of Creation, set up rows of these, and, okay, it's going to be a bit more challenging trying to do this in celform without proper feet, but I can work around that.

One last slam down with both feet, and the song's over. Sharon takes a deep breath, stares at me, and then says, "Oh, come on. You really never played before?"

"No, though I'd like to try again. How fast do these things go?"

She laughs, and steps off the pad. "If anyone had been betting, I'd call you a hustler. And if that's not fast enough for you, you're shit out of luck. Anyone for skeeball?"

"No, really, I haven't played before..." I trail along with them to the skeeball machines, allowing myself only one last wistful look at the stomping games. I can come back later on my own, though it won't be as much fun without the competition. "You're pretty good at it yourself," I tell Sharon, because all the reactions and chatter I'm seeing suggest most people can't get through that song.

"It means I don't have a life," she says, and laughs again, a more self-conscious sound than before. "But at least I can be good at one thing."

Turns out she's pretty good at skeeball too.

Through the course of the evening I discover that everyone in this group works at the mall, none of them like their jobs, and I'm the only one with a car. JJ is the oldest, Sharon's the only one who lives alone, and this is... pretty much what they do. Blow some money at the arcade on weeknights, spend weekends working or maybe seeing a movie. Strange little circular lives, full of a vague hope that as they get older things will change for the better. If I were a Mercurian, I'd know their histories, the way they related to each other, maybe some way to help or inspire... But I'm just an Ofanite, so I play skeeball and a variety of video games that toss around ridiculously unrealistic gore, and fifteen minutes before the last bus leaves, end up at a glass box full of cheap stuffed toys trying to maneuver a claw over to get one.

The design is downright Vapulan; I've watched three of them try, and the claw will nearly grab something, pull it up a few inches, and then let plush slide out of its grasp right before moving over to the release chute. Dastardly. My last two quarters go into the machine for a try. "Think you can manage this one?" asks JJ.

I aim for a purple bear. The claw snaps around its head, pulls up, over... and of course the toy falls out right before the chute. "Guess not."

"You can't be good at everything," says Sharon, halfway through counting up all the tickets everyone's compiled this time. She folds them neatly up into stacks, then opens up JJ's backpack to stick the tickets inside. "That's another five hundred, give or take a few. At this rate we'll be able to afford the PS2 in another two weeks."

"Wouldn't it be cheaper to buy one straight out?" I saw the listed ticket price for the console, and even with my poor grasp of math I could guess at how long it would take to make that many tickets from arcade games.

"Sure, but what's the fun in that?" JJ checks his watch. "We'd better go in case the bus gets there early."

Back outside into a night that's sliding into chilly. Must remember that skirts are also colder than pants. "I can give anyone a ride home who lives in my direction," I offer. I could give all of them rides home if they didn't mind the lack of places to sit in the car, but if you go too far out of your way to help people, they start getting nervous, which kinda defeats the purpose. "I'm over near 15th and Cesar Chavez."

"The Brookstone apartments? I'll take the ride," Sharon says. "It's faster than the bus and walking." The group exchanges the casual good-nights of people who know they'll all see each other again in the morning, and the rest trudge off to the bus stop while I lead her over to my car.

"I'm sorry about earlier," she says, as she gets in. "I was... well, you know how it is, sometimes, with an ex?"

I don't know, but my Role ought to. "Don't worry about it. We both had fun, so it's all good, right?"

"I guess so." She draws lines in the dust on the dashboard with one finger. "But, still. It's..." She sneaks a look at me as I drive. "Anyway. Are you, like, actually interested in JJ?"

"He's a nice guy, but I already have a boyfriend, back home."

"Oh! Um. Yeah, long distance relationships are hard, aren't they?"

"So people keep telling me." I can make decent time at this time of night with so little traffic, though I do try to remember to stop at red lights, now that I have a passenger in the car.

As I'm pulling into the garage, a jangling slam of disturbance that makes me twitch, followed by fainter echoes. Sharon blinks. "What's the matter?"

"It's... ah. Just remembered something I need to do tonight." I slide out of the car, and give her a quick smile. Hurry hurry hurry. The instant she's out, I lock the car, and give her a quick wave. "I'd better get to that. Nice meeting you! Bye!" And I'm running off towards the garage exit while she's still giving me a confused wave.

Where did that come from? Down the street, don't get hit by the car when crossing to the next block over. Nearly to the park, but not there, another buzz of disturbance from... up and forward. The apartment complex has fences, but they're not that hard to get over, especially with no one looking. This time of night all good citizens are snug in their beds preparing for another day of work, so who's making all the noise? I follow the sound down a slope to a building, then up three flights of stairs.

Locked door. But I know I heard that from inside, and there's still disturbance feeding on what I heard. Someone's being noisy and not caring about it. I should have taken Jack up on his offer to teach me lock-picking.

If you can't get through an obstacle, go around it. There's a railing up on this landing, and if I step out on that, one jump takes me to the balcony. Now here's a reason for noise, the glass doors open but a hole ripped through the screen, large enough for me to step through.

All my bags still back in the car; I could use a good cue ball to hand right now. I step through the torn screen into a living room that was messy before, but now looks like a bunch of Windies came through. Except Windies aren't so much into casual destruction. The light is off, and the room is dark enough even with a porch light around the corner to make me careful of where I step. Crunching beneath my feet. I reach out to touch the wall, get my bearings, and my fingers find... wet.

Quick sniff. Blood. Damn it. I don't know who's bleeding, or how much, so forget being sneaky. Dash through into the bedroom where a lamp, knocked over, still provides light, and there's a man there struggling weakly in the grip of a woman taller than I am, and by the way she holds the man up with one hand, stronger. She starts to turn when I move into the room, but not fast enough to avoid one Ofanite in the back, courtesy of me.

All three of us down on the floor, the old man gasping, I can see even in this light how close she came to crushing his throat. I spring away before she can get back up, grab the nearest thing at hand, duck before using it and find I'm glad I did when the wall behinds me cracks into a shower of plaster. What is it with all the Calabim? But I'm happier down here where I can throw myself at her ankles while she's halfway back to standing, then smack her upside the head with a hardback book so long as she's in easy reach.

Smoke? There's that scent in the air, I need to investigate, but right now I have a pissed-off Calabite to deal with. I'm not sure they come in any variety other than pissed off, but then again, it might only be that whenever I meet them I'm trying to kill them, which does tend to put people in a bad mood.

The Calabite throws me off, stands up while I'm getting back to my own feet, and cocks her head at me. "What are you doing here, little girl?"

I have a hardcover book. Armed and dangerous, or as dangerous as I get. "Shouldn't I be asking you that?"

"Aren't you afraid?" Her teeth gleam when she smiles. "You should be."

Who has time for witty banter? I throw the book at her head, grab another one and roll out of the way. I catch the title and could almost regret this, Emily Dickinson deserves better treatment, but who am I to waste having my hands on a hardcover? The Calabite twists around towards me, snarls in my face, all pretense of conversation gone, but if she's stronger, I'm faster. She tries to blast me, doesn't get so much as a paper cut on me. Should've thought to ask your Prince for a few more Celestial Forces.

The book in my hands is better than a sledgehammer. She falls back under the blows, all her face a snarl as she stops trying to hit me with her resonance and starts being afraid. Tries to dodge, but in a direction I was expecting, and a solid slam drops her to the floor. Unconscious. Not dead yet, but I can get to that. First, time to see to the human who's going to need serious help, by what I saw.

I crouch down on the floor beside him, touch his neck. His eyes are closed and his breathing's so ragged I'm worried. There's a phone knocked over on the floor, the receiver beeping out its "put me back on the hook" noise. A nice old rotary phone, even, so I whack the bit that tells it the receiver's been hung up, and then dial 911.

I did intend to give the address and otherwise make sure an ambulance arrives in time, except that the second demon that I didn't notice tackles me from behind.

Down on my face in the carpet, and I was distracted enough by the phone that it's managed to twist one of my arms up behind me. "Somehow," it breathes in my ear, "I don't think you're his granddaughter, come to visit." I can just make out the voice of the 911 operator asking if anyone is there.

Okay, I wasn't planning on making any noise myself if I could help it -- discreet, I've had that drilled into me, don't attract attention -- but it's a bit late for that sort of thing. I start to shout, get half of a "Help" out before the demon's hand is across my mouth.

So I yank my head back, bite his hand, and slam the phone receiver into his head with my free hand. Damned awkward direction to be working from, but it at least startles him enough to let me twist free. He rips the receiver off the phone while I'm pulling back, but that's not going to hang up the phone. Guess it's time to find out how fast the emergency response is in this city. "Bitch," he says, conversationally, "I am going to cut you up and leave you to burn or bleed. Want to find out which happens first?"

I can only assume they work for someone who requires dramatic dialogue before attacking; the speech is long enough to give me a chance to catch my breath, find a shard of broken pottery to use. I give it a quick toss while he's busy with the talking, and leave a clean slice through his jacket all the way down to bleeding skin. Look who's bleeding first.

His curse is unintelligible. His Song, however, is familiar. I fling myself out of the way, flames bursting out of the floor behind me. I liked that Song a lot better when Mannie was using it. This complicates matters, and -- okay, so the fire alarm is going off.

I find myself halfway into the bedroom, a fire between the two of us. I can run through that if I need to, but I'd rather not. "What, you're not worried about your friend?" My hands search for something I can throw, and I wonder who builds a bedroom without any windows. I hate running out of exits. The demon unconscious on the floor beneath me carries nothing useful that I can find on a cursory search, and I'm not taking my eyes off of that one for long enough to look more thoroughly.

"She was weak. You're weak." I am so very much not ready to fight back against a wave of emotion right now. Another Song, I don't recognize this one, and I throw a book at him, but it's not a good throw, goes skittering off in the darkness behind him. The fire alarm is giving me a headache, the smoke's growing stronger. I am supposed to be off maintaining my Role, not playing superhero, and I don't even know who these two work for.

The demon's arms melt, lengthen, pucker in places, until two long tentacles reach above and around the fire towards me, a knife whipping about in one. I dodge, pull back, and a flick of that tentacle sends the knife straight towards the old man on the ground. I could no more let it hit than I could lift the building over my head to toss at someone. And I am fast but -- only so fast.

If I were fast enough, I could have caught the knife by the hilt. Instead I only knock it out of the way with my arm, can't help the gasp when it cuts. At this rate the man's going to be covered as much in my blood as his own. My arm doesn't want to respond properly, it's a good thing I can use the gifts my Boss gave me with my left hand as well as with my right.

Gasp from behind me, and dammit no no no, I was supposed to be saving someone here, forget the demon and I crouch back down by the old man on the floor, old body on the floor, he's not breathing. All the blood about him, I don't think CPR will be enough to bring him back.

A tentacle twists around one of my ankles and drags me back. Stupid Songs, who wants tentacle arms anyway? I can't get back to my feet with one foot in the air, no shock but plenty of pain to find myself pulled through the fire. Slam into the wall, now my head's gone all sticky, I can't tell if from my own blood or what was left behind. I can't get to my feet, not with that tentacle there, can't even twist around enough to grab at it or do any damage.

"Stupid little angel," says the demon, I hate how much he's enjoying this. "Stupid, weak--"

The gunshot surprises both of us. The second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth ones startle him more. The coil around my ankle lets go as bullets slam him back. Tough demon, but not tough enough to take that sort of damage. And while he's hitting the floor twitching, I take the opportunity to beat the fire out of my skirt. To look up.

On the balcony, Sharon stands with the gun still in her hand, eyes wide. "What. What. Is..."

Over the fire alarm, I can hear sirens now. Someone'll have my hide if I stick around to try to explain this to the mortal authorities. "Half a sec," I say, and pull out my phone, make my way to the balcony where she's still shaking, can't blame her for that.

"Kai, it's--"

"Shush. Okay. I'm at an apartment complex on... somewhere on 15th, there are two demons out on the floor, unconscious and don't know if either vessel is properly dead, one mortal dead too, I can barely hear through the disturbance, and I'm taking off now but if you could ask someone to come by and help deal with the cleanup? That would be good." Sharon's staring at me, but I don't have time to explain this to her.

"Are you okay?"

"Okay? No, I'm bleeding and hello there's a demon with tentacles for arms on the floor in there, so. If you have a Kyrio handy to help out before the police arrive? That would be good. I'm getting out of here." The front door unlocks easily from this side, and Sharon follows behind me. Hasn't let go of her gun yet. Smart.

"Yes, I'm passing on the information, but are you--"

"Mannie, I really need to get moving." Down three flights of stairs, I'm going to be leaving a blood trail like nobody's business. "If you need more info, call back later." I hang up on him, and feel guilty about it, but I need to talk to Sharon before she starts screaming. Or shouting.

"What the fuck was that, that thing back there?"

"The one you saw? I'd guess Habbalite, though I can't be sure." The back fence of this complex borders on the park. Perfect. "It's really complicated, and I will explain things, but first, getting away from this place before the police complicate matters more."

She shuts up and follows me over the fence. One fewer problem to worry about.

Back through the park, and I slow down to a decent walk once we've passed through the playground and a few sets of trees. "Nice shooting, by the way."

"My mother said I should be able to defend myself," she says, and then, "No, do not try to distract me. What the hell was going on back there?"

"It was just a compliment, Sharon. I never was much good with guns, and I definitely needed the help." I am going to have so much explaining to do the next time a triad stops by. I don't hear anyone heading in this direction; they're plenty distracted by bodies, flames, and whatever else is left in that apartment.

"Yes, because you were being attacked by something straight out of Lovecraft, and then the next thing I know you're telling someone they're demons and..." She takes a sharp, shuddering breath. "And I just shot someone, I have never shot anyone before, so please, please tell me that I did the right thing."

"Okay. Point the first. You just shot a demon. So you can pat yourself on the back for that one. Point the second, all you killed was its vessel, so you don't even have a real death on your conscience, if that sort of thing would worry you."

"It was possessing someone?"

"No, no, it's... a made body, okay? Created for the demon to use, so that it can walk around on Earth looking human. And losing one hurts, believe me, but it'll wake up in Hell eventually, explain to its Prince how it came to lose that one, and maybe it'll be back, maybe it won't."

"A demon. So. I shot a demon." She closes her eyes. "I was only curious, and then I got suspicious, and then suddenly there's a fire alarm going off and it sounds like people fighting inside so I climbed around on the balcony and, oh God, oh God, what is happening?"

I'd give her a hug, but I think she needs space more. "Nothing new. I'm sorry you had to get tangled up in all this. It's a very old war. Older than I am. We generally try to keep things... covered up."

"Covered up." She wipes her nose with the back of one sleeve. "Covered up. So, what, demons and, and angels run around having fights in random apartment buildings, and everyone pretends it isn't happening? What's next? Ghosts, vampires, aliens?"

"I haven't heard of any aliens," I say, "though I can't rule out the possibility."

She gives me a sidelong look. "So that, what, makes you an angel?"

"Yup."

"So show me your wings."

I sigh. "I don't have wings. I'm not that sort of angel. What I am is bleeding, and I'd like to take care of that. Are you going to be okay?"

"No. I am not going to be okay. I shot someone, something, that looked like it came out of a horror movie, and I ran away from the police, and now I'm sitting next to someone I just met tonight who is bleeding all over the place, and who tells me that it's only a little quarrel between angels and demons! I am not okay!"

Now doesn't seem like the best time to go into details. "I'm going to get myself fixed up. Do you want to come along, or do you want to go home?" If she runs to the police, I am in all sorts of different trouble.

"I am not walking home alone. Not right now." She stands up. "Fine, let's go get you fixed. Are you going to walk into a hospital like that, or do the whole E.T. thing and press a glowing finger to the wound?"

"Neither." I lead the way back to the fence around the abandoned lot, climb over, and wait for her to come along. Climbing fences grows progressively more difficult as my arm continues to bleed. Sharon doesn't seem bothered when she ends up with bloody hands from climbing over the same spot I did, and I can't tell if that's poise or shock.

The shed's door is closed. I drop down to the ground in front. "Hey, Cat," I say. "You said you'd owe me a favor. Well, I'd like to call it in." I'm no Lilim, Bright or otherwise; if it doesn't want to pay me back, there's nothing I can do about it.

A patch of shadow detaches itself from the side of the shed. Cat pads forward, as silently as I'd expect of the dreamling. "You return so soon?"

"The life I lead is a dangerous one. If you'd heal me, I'll call the debt paid."

"A fair trade. I approve." It smiles, pointy teeth, and I think it's showing off for Sharon, who makes a small noise behind me. "I will sing you this Song, then. You might want to learn it yourself. And then maybe you'll bring something as a gift for a little Cat?"

"Maybe."

The ethereal drops to its hands and knees beside me, takes hold of my injured arm. "More damage than I'm used to," it says. "I deal in such small things, little unimportant things. Pets and children."

"Not unimportant," I say. "Only small."

Cat shrugs, opens its sharp-toothed mouth, and sings. My arm knits itself back together, flesh building up over bone, then skin sliding back together across the top. "Not so bad for the daughter of the King of Cats, I think. No more debt, then?"

"None at all." I stand up, sketch a quick bow to the ethereal. "And thank you for the help."

"Mind the cracks." Cat slides back into the shadows.

"That... wasn't a demon, was it?" Sharon asks.

"Nope."

"An angel?"

"No. It's an ethereal. Which is... pretty complicated. Look, Sharon." I turn to face her. "If you want, you can go back home, go back to bed, and pretend this never happened. Call it a bad dream. And if you're planning on that, I ought to stop with the explanations."

"And the other choice?"

"It's... convenient, sometimes. When there are people who know what's going on, and aren't going to start talking about it to anyone they shouldn't. There are all sorts of ways for angels and demons to find each other. You saw that when I went running in the parking lot. But humans? A demon can't tell one human who knows the truth from a thousand humans who wouldn't believe it if they heard it."

"I think I like the second choice better. Because there's no way I could convince myself this was all a bad dream, not even if I wanted to."

"Good." She follows me back to the fence, and it's all the easier to help her back over this time. Her steps grow unsteady; unlike me, she's missing sleep, and she's been run through circumstances that even I find trying, without being prepared for it.

"Tell me," she says, one arm over my shoulder while we take the long way back to our apartments, "is your name really Megan? And do you really do temp work for a marketing agency?"

"My name's Megan in all sorts of official documents, if that's the meaning you want. But my friends call me Kai. And... yeah, I do temp work for a marketing agency. Just like I said."

She nods sleepily, beside me. "And you really never played before--"

"Nope."

"Angels are just good at that."

"Well. I am."

"Okay," she says. "I can work with that."

The triad found Kavita outside the Halls of Creation, waiting on a bench, with her hands folded in her lap. Beside her a cup of tea cooled. "Welcome," she said, as they approached. "Are you well?"

"Quite," said the Mercurian, and held her feet still, though she wished to shift uneasily. It had been explained to her that while it would be preferable to send someone of the angel's own Choir, Bright Lilim were in short supply, and those of Judgment even more so, leaving a Mercurian as the nearest approximation. Though she was old, and had experience with all types of angels, she did not know how best to speak with one of these. "And you?"

Kavita spread her hands. "I continue to wait. It has not changed from the last time Judgment spoke with me. If circumstances were such that my answer had changed, all of Heaven would be singing the news."

"You would use your talents for the Host better if you took service with another Archangel," said the Mercurian gently, for she had been told, always gently with this one. "You would be safer with a Superior to protect you, should any demon try to harm you."

"My Lord will protect me, as he first did when he made me," said Kavita, and all the triad understood her meaning when she said, he made me. The Seraph, who had served Nightmares many centuries ago, knew the Truth of what this one said, for all that the cloud of an Archangel's nature obscured the Gifter's words. "If all creatures follow a proper order, then mine is to do as he says, and he has not... He has not given me any commands, of late. And so I wait. It is not my place to question his purposes."

"Would you wait forever, then?" asked the Seraph, with as gentle a tone as she could manage through her frustration. "He may never return."

"Until he tells me otherwise." Kavita picked up her cup of tea, and stared into it. "He placed many of his Servitors with other Archangels, before he left. If he meant for me to be working for another, he would have done so with me as well."

A Kyriotate of Creation approached from a door near where the triad stood, manifesting mouths that bared fangs. "That you would harass her," it said to them, voices speaking in a chorus, "that at a time like this you would continue to harass her--"

"Peace," said Kavita. "They mean no harm." She drank her tea, and did not smile at them. "Their own Archangel believes what he will of ours, and nothing we can say will change that. But they mean no harm."

"Always asking, always poking, always accusing," said the Kyriotate, its voices tangling until they spoke over each other. "They push us away from Heaven, call us guilty when we've committed no crime, and then make every denial into proof--"

"Peace," said Kavita, and her voice had acquired steel beneath all her gentle words. "They mean no harm. Please go."

The Kyriotate shuddered with indecision, and at last produced eyes to drop before her. "As you would have me do." It returned to the Halls of Creation, its eyes watching them as it went. The Seraph made a note to have someone speak with the Kyriotate about its hostility.

"If you have more questions," Kavita said to them, "my answers have not changed from the last time those questions were asked. Or have you produced new ones?"

"No," said the Seraph, "none that are new." She closed six eyes, opened them again. "We would ask that you consider the matter."

"I do," said the Bright Lilim. "Constantly."

The triad made polite gestures of farewell, and left.

"How long has she been an angel?" the Cherub asked, as the three of them walked together. He had said little since being assigned to their triad, and the Mercurian and Seraph, still feeling the loss of their friend, had not said many words to him either, outside of what was required for performing their duty.

"Nearly eight hundred years," said the Mercurian. "I checked the records. Kavita redeemed a few days before I was made." She dropped back into a thoughtful silence.

"Is there something about this angel which concerns you, Dedan, that no other we've investigated has?" The Seraph was told to watch their new Cherub, to guard him against unreasonable attachments, to see if he spent too much time brooding, was too easily roused to anger, but the Cherub had only... watched. Spoken as needed, and no more. She felt some concern that this quiet was the sign of weakness.

"I have only seen one Bright Lilim before," said the Cherub, in a voice carefully devoid of commentary. "He was newly redeemed, and... different." His tail swished back and forth. "I did not think much of him. But this one seems to have none of his faults. Only that she trusts too much in her Archangel."

"Which would be no fault for those serving any other," said the Mercurian. She laid a hand on the shoulder of the Cherub, mindful of his mood. "It is tragic, that what would be otherwise a sign of loyalty tears them away from what they ought to do. And what do you think of the Servitors of Creation?"

"I do not know how they continue to hope." Dedan shook his mane, and paced restlessly, a little faster than his companions. "They have been abandoned, and yet they believe. They receive no commands, and yet they believe. They wait while their Superior frivols away his time, heedless of his responsibilities, and yet, they believe. It's madness, and it's faith. I cannot understand it." His lips drew back in something near a snarl. "All the Archangels of Heaven who would give them proper duties, would protect them and treat them as they deserve, and they continue to give their hope to someone who doesn't merit such trust. And they cannot see..." He fell silent again.

The Mercurian did not dabble in gossip, but she recalled what she had heard from another of Judgment. "I believe there is a gap in our schedule approaching," she said, as if it had only now occurred to her. "There is enough time to attend the lecture being given on changes in certain legal systems of Earth. Would you care to accompany me there?"

"Thank you," said Dedan, "but if there is time, I ought to speak with old companions." He bowed his head, and left them, launching into the air on bright wings.

"It is the nature of Cherubim to become attached," the Mercurian said, a little sadly, because she did not know how to help her new companion.

"It is the nature of Seraphim to speak the truth," said the Seraph, "and yet I manage to not speak of such things as are confidential."

"I do not attempt to excuse him," the Mercurian said, in a voice of mild reproach, "only to understand him."

"Well," said the Seraph, "that is true."

#

Dedan found the Malakite he had been searching for near the edge of the Grove, in the process of being snarled at by a few Servitors of War. Seeing no need to give polite space to insults, he said, "Have you a few moments to speak?"

"Certainly," said Nomikos, and bowed to the Servitors of War, then followed the Cherub away with no more concern for what was being said.

"I do not understand why you linger there," said Dedan, once they had moved out of earshot. "Of the three of us, you were assigned no new duties, and yet you spend your time letting them insult you?"

"I find it useful," Nomikos said.

"Useful? How are insults useful?"

"They show me a different perspective," said the Malakite. "Consider this. They believe Judgment should not interfere in the sins of their fellows, that they might police their own well enough. Do they believe that each Archangel ought to be its own final law, with no heed for the judgment of its peers? I do not think so. But this is the ultimate conclusion of what they argue. And so by listening to them, I gather another viewpoint on my own job."

"You have no job," Dedan said, and his tail flicked, because it was an unkind thing to say to someone who had been his friend and coworker for so long.

"Not at the moment, no. I consider it an opportunity for learning things I would not have time to learn while occupied. But, come, Dedan, you didn't seek me out to criticize where I choose to walk. What did you want to speak of?"

"I feel," said Dedan, willing to show his unhappiness now, "that I have been punished for something which was not wrong. And yet, it is just, so I can only conclude I have sinned without realizing it. How can it be wrong for me to care?"

"It isn't wrong to care," Nomikos said. "Only to respond inappropriately to that caring, and all three of us were guilty of that." Six feet stepping through the grass between the two of them, as they skirted the edge of the Garden. Nomikos saw how Dedan turned his face away from those angels and souls who sat together in secluded places, and the Malakite frowned. "He's back on Earth now," he said, and there was no need to provide a reference for the pronoun, not between the two of them.

"Then he finally took Service with another. Though he never would before."

"No. Lightning offered him a vessel and Role in exchange for a period of work from him."

"How strange."

"Not so strange as you might think." Nomikos considered his next words for several steps, before speaking. "Kai's relationship with the Gifter complicates matters, and makes Lightning more inclined to assist him." He was watching the Cherub in expectation, and thus saw the shudder that passed over his friend. "Tell me, why does this bother you?"

"If it weren't for that demon, Kai would never have been put in such danger, nor lost the vessel and Role he was given."

"That demon is an angel, now."

"Nonetheless." Dedan shook his mane, and in this garden the light glittered off the motion in patterns that hovered briefly in the air before disappearing again. "Why does he continue to put his trust in those who don't deserve it?"

"I don't know, my friend. I am a Judge, and I give my trust where it's earned. But... you are young, Dedan, and you weren't there in the days when Eli's Cathedral was one of the busiest in Heaven. There was a time when the Archangel of Creation was held in as high of esteem as the Most Just, and, let us be honest, he was admired by more." Nomikos stood still for a moment, and felt all the weight of his chains upon himself. "We have lost both Love and Laughter," he said, more to himself than to Dedan. "I can only pray we have not lost Creation as well. I can't begrudge trust or hope, even when I don't understand them."

"I cannot understand it. I cannot like it, nor even approve of it. The whole concept makes no sense to me." The Cherub growled. "And now he is back on Earth, at the request of that Lilim, and the triad which visits him will not know how to protect him."

"It isn't their job to protect him, Dedan. We lost sight of that, but try to remember it." Nomikos rubbed his forehead, and took another approach,. "Being part of Judgment can be lonely. Some we speak to react with hostility, and we must remain unbiased in our duties. Strong attachments to those who serve other Archangels can cause problems. And yet, we are angels. We care for others. Balancing this can be difficult."

"I have never considered my position to be lonely," Dedan said, stiffly.

"No, of course not," said Nomikos, "but you may have felt it." The Malakite shook his head. "We should have asked that Kai's investigation be reassigned to another triad when we realized how much we looked forward to seeing him. But not one of us even suggested this. Why, Dedan?"

The Cherub said, after a time, "It was... pleasant, that someone not of Judgment would want to see us. Would look forward to our arrival. Considered us... friends." His tail flicked. "And now he is back on Earth, we will see him not at all. While a demon -- oh, an angel now, but I cannot forget what he was -- can speak with him any time. Is this fair?"

"It is proper," Nomikos said.

Dedan sighed, long and low. "I grow tired of being proper, of late."

The Malakite said nothing to this, but he remembered what his friend had said, and spent time in the Groves, walking past the Warriors, considering what he ought to do.

Spend a few months in Heaven, and I lose my ability to act like everything is going fine when I'm screaming inside. I can manage not to do any actual screaming, but pacing is happening, and Maharang has been fetching coffee almost as fast as I can drink it. Zif watches me like I'm about to run down a Tether and do something stupid, which I am not going to do, because there are competent people down there taking care of matters. I've been assured of this. Repeatedly. Sometimes when I haven't asked, Elohim come up to tell me that there are competent people down there taking care of matters. Nosha told me that I was giving it a headache, and left the room half an hour ago.

"We should leave soon," says Zif. We were supposed to leave an hour ago. They are indulging me by letting me wait, but they can only indulge so long, Lightning does not pause for a single worrying angel to settle down. "If you leave your phone with someone here, they will take messages, and deal with any other reported emergencies."

"Nice simple job," I say. I realize that I am repeating myself. Again. "A nice simple safe job to do basic surveillance. In a city so boring even the Windies don't bother stopping there. How does this happen?"

"One cannot plan for every eventuality, Mannie."

"No, but one can bloody well try." I am not going to call and distract him when he's doing I don't know what, not going to risk a ringing phone if he needs to hide and of course he wouldn't think to turn it off, but he hasn't called back, and the Kyriotate taking care of clean-up has not reported back yet, and I am completely unable to focus on anything but the not knowing. "He needs a Cherub of his own, or a Malakite to follow him around, or... something."

"Kai is a full-fledged angel who has taken care of itself for decades, and who knows when it's time to call for help. If she had been in immediate danger when she called, she would have said so."

"But he could have run into something since he called--"

"And he could have found Eli and gone off to have a long chat about ineffability over coffee and pastries, but we can't very well know, can we?" She is unbothered by my glare, damn her. "The point remains that you have a job to do, and fretting over this matter aids neither your assignment nor Kai."

Joseph sits silently by the wall. The only thing he said when he first arrived was that when he attuned to me he didn't realize I was going to be running back to Earth to play with demons quite so often, and he's been watching quietly ever since. I can't tell if he's sympathizing, or wishing we'd get on with this already.

The phone rings, but according to the display, it's not Kai. "Hello?" Talk quickly and stop tying up the phone.

"Cleanup progresses." The voice on the other end hiccups with static; the Kyriotate has found a radio or the like to use. "Three bodies as reported, one the resident of the apartment, the other two as yet unidentified. Flew over the area, found aforementioned Ofanite and one other, presumably human, returning to said angel's place of residence. No visible sign of injury on flyover. Happy now?"

"...ah. More or less, yes. Thank you."

"Then go do your damned job," says the Kyriotate, and the line cuts off.

I pass my phone on to Maharang, who's been hovering anxiously whenever he's not fetching coffee. "Would you take this to Nosha, and ask it to take care of it until I get back?" I'd trust that Elohite to handle almost any situation thrown at it, and to know who to fetch for what it couldn't manage itself.

"Sure thing!" The reliever darts off, and I drain the last cup of coffee.

"Right, then. Where were we?"

"Waiting on you," says Zif.

"Yes, well. After that."

"Heading downstairs," she says, and I walk out of the room with my two Cherubim to meet the rest of the team. Again. The Malakite, Ezekiel, was cold when I first introduced myself, and he's since worked his way down to icy. The two Ofanim, Gamma and Strange, are debating quantum physics as they race up and down the hallway.

There's nothing that needs to be explained, which means everyone simply turns and heads in the right direction. I've always said I wanted more efficiency and functionality in my work, but it's strange, now that I have it. Ezekiel seems to think as much of me as Dedan did, but sees no need to waste time making snide remarks when there's a job to do. I'm used to a certain undercurrent of social maneuvering, or at least general unpleasantness, in the build-up to any assignment. Having people who dislike me move efficiently along is almost as strange as there being people who don't dislike me.

A step down the Tether, and I'm shrugging back on the vessel I've had for so long. It's more familiar than wings. Ezekiel's vessel looks like an accountant, down to the glasses repaired with wire and pocket full of pens; the Ofanim wear vessels of two young women, so close to identical I couldn't tell them apart.

"So find them," Ezekiel says. Zif is nominally in charge of this game, but I don't think she'll speak up unless she considers it necessary. She has very precise definitions of necessary.

The Song of Affinity was the first song I learned, centuries back. Taught to me by a Free Sister in exchange for something I'd made as an experiment. She said the Song was the most useful I'd ever learn; I told her that what I made would get her out of an emergency or two. It turns out that both of us were right.

"That direction." I point, and the Ofanim scurry about with devices I would call GPS tracking units if I didn't know the coordinates being pulled up come from satellites not put up by any humans. "Not as far as I expected, though I couldn't give a precise estimate yet. More than ten miles, less than fifty."

"Didn't run far," says Ezekiel. "Wouldn't think they'd linger so near the Tether."

"Have you ever tried to move an entire laboratory overnight, without losing months of work? I think they ran as far as they could." Finding yourself in the midst of a midnight scramble is never fun. Many demons will claim they left behind nasty booby traps for scavengers; in my experience, we were usually lucky to get out of there with vital equipment and our own skins intact, when word of an incoming raid arrived before the angels did.

"I suppose you would know."

I could say something bland about how they did want my experience. I could also spend the next few hours bickering with a Malakite who's looking for the fight. So I follow Zif's example by shutting up.

The Ofanim do the driving, of course. Gamma slams around corners as gracefully as Kai, but she doesn't chatter. Zif spends the drive working on a PDA. I spend the drive glad they didn't put Ezekiel in the same car as me.

Three blocks away, I get out of the car, and Joseph frowns at me. "You would think," he says, "that after going to the trouble of having two Cherubim watching for you, Jean would not have you walk in the midst of demons quite so often."

"Look on the bright side," I say. "I'm used to it."

All the cold night air wrapped around me, and no one walking beside me. Tastes like freedom. As much of an illusion as what my Mother offered me when she first twisted my Forces together and pretended to offer me a choice.

Three blocks hasn't been far enough to clear my head as much as I'd like. I should have asked them to stop further away. I look up at the smudged spot at the top of the doorframe. They've done a shoddy job of hiding the wiring. "Let me in, Tina."

A distinct clunk as the lock releases. I don't push the door open; I'm not that stupid, even a Force short of what I used to be. After a moment, the door pulls back, and Tina peers around it, eyes wide. She's not bothering to wear her glasses, not when safely in the laboratory with demons who don't care if she's supposed to look the epitome of the adorable geek girl. "Mannie?"

"So you do have a memory longer than that of a goldfish. Are you going to let me in, or do you want to stand there gaping?"

"Sorry, sorry..." She yanks the door all the way open, and sparks fly from up above. "Uh. I forgot to turn that off. Good thing it's still, um, exhibiting a need for further work on the design, right?"

"I see your work is up to the standards I've come to expect." I follow her down the corridor; they've run bulbs down the hallways with bare wire, shoddy and inefficient. They must have left in a hurry.

"It's... yeah, I'm..." Tina twitches along in front of me. "You should have seen the last artifact I worked up, it was, it was really good, it... worked. Really well."

"Did it explode in anyone's face, or did they make you disassemble it?" Strange, that I'm not enjoying this. I used to.

"I... they, they made me take it apart. Yes. But I'll make it better next time. It really did work." She throws me a look over her shoulder, trying for sly, entirely failing to reach it. "You know, I heard, I heard that you were, um, well. You know."

"Renegade?" I've practiced that tone on many an underling before. "Somehow, I'm not surprised that's the story he chose to spread."

"But I didn't believe it. I mean, it was stupid. Really stupid. To think that anyone would believe that, I mean. Because, well, you always did good -- you always do good work, everyone knows that." We pass unmarked doors, and doors labeled with numbers. "So of course I knew he was lying, yeah, he would do that. I never once doubted you." She's working herself up into believing what she says, as she speaks. "It's good to have you back. I mean, you do good work, so it's good to have you around, because I know that means the project is going to work. Right?"

"I'm not here to take charge of the project, Tina. Looks like you're doomed to get by with whoever is currently in charge." The door we've reached is labeled with a large stenciled 1, and I can hear the whirr of a generator from inside. No, they wouldn't want to be tied to city power. "Or has that changed since I last heard? I've been busy of late, I can't keep up on every account of who's managed to get disassembled."

"No, no, it's still... yeah. It's still Loic." The little Balseraph stuffs her hands in her pockets. "Is, um, is that a good thing?"

"Sometimes, Tina, I have no idea why they let you run around on Earth. And then I remember it's because you make incompetent people look better." I roll my eyes. "Go watch the security cameras."

"Right! I, I can do that. I'm good at that." She flees back down the corridor. The Bal is a devious, scheming brat who would do anyone in if she thought it would get her a pat on the head from someone important, but she's not good at it, and messing with her head is about as difficult as rewiring a toaster. I could almost feel bad about it.

Almost.

I rap once on the door, then walk in without waiting for an answer. A touch dangerous, but it shows confidence, which is what I need to display. At the far side of the room, next to the generator, a man jerks up from where he's studying plans, hand going for his pocket.

"To start with," I say, and don't let myself change the speed I'm walking, "the security here is pathetic, Loic. You're letting Tina watch the security cameras? She'd let a hit squad of Malakim in if they smiled nicely and said they were here to deliver a package."

"What the fuck do you--" He's angry and confused, exactly where I want him.

"And to continue, this whole setup is third-rate. Bare light bulbs in the ceiling? You're going to be losing power all over the place with the wiring I've seen. Some allowances can be made for when a project needs to be moved overnight, but I'd expect -- no, I wouldn't expect better, but I'd expect better if I thought someone competent were in charge of this sorry mess." I drop down into the chair in front of his desk. "In short, Loic, I'm not impressed. Tell me, should I be impressed? Am I missing something really brilliant in the middle of this mess?"

"Who the fuck are you to walk in and start telling me how to run my project?" He stands up to shout. Not the most stable sort.

"Me, tell you how to run your project? Hardly. I don't have the time, patience, or inclination to sort out these little failings." I lean back in the chair, arms folded. Express confidence, casual disdain. "I'm only here for a few hours until it's time to head out again. Now, if you're not interested in some constructive criticism of your setup here, far be it from me to impose. I can sit here and not comment on anything I've seen. Never let it be said that I'm not accommodating to a fellow Servitor of the Genius Prince."

Loic is still standing, but I've confused him enough that he's not trying to call anyone in. "No one told me you were coming," he says warily.

"Because of course when the Host shows up on your doorstep you make sure people have a few hours notice before you drop in," I snap. Let the mask drop, moment of anger, bring it back up, there we go. Back to complete calm. "I suppose next time I could stop and call ahead, to make sure you're prepared."

The demon sits back down. Slowly, but I don't see anything unusually shifty churning behind his eyes. I don't believe he's smart enough to know what's going on yet. "You didn't lead anyone here--"

"You think I've lived this long by acting like an idiot? Of course not. I know better than to lead the Host to any project, even this one." The door opens behind me, and it takes a certain effort to neither blink nor turn to see who's coming in.

"Loic, I heard--" The woman behind me stops.

The voice is faintly familiar, so I take my own time in giving her a casual glance over my shoulder. No one I can place, but her expression says that she recognizes me. Which could be... suddenly inconvenient. Or not.

"Maharang," she says, and I think she's had to search for my name too. "I didn't expect to see you here."

"What, someone's been spreading tales?" I give her a small, nasty smile. "Ah, let me guess. You heard it from someone who heard it from Hari. Because we all know how reliable a source of information he is."

"The information presented was... convincing," she says, and she doesn't move much closer inside the room.

"And what do you think I would be doing? What entertaining theories do you have on where I've been lately?" She's silent, and if I let them think too long I'll have a problem, so I continue. "I suppose I could have gone Renegade, and then decided to walk back into a laboratory to turn myself in? You could call up someone in authority to tell you the truth of the matter, if you think they'd be happy to be have you bothering them. Or maybe you think I decided to run to Heaven and see if the angels have begun to accept Lilim in their ranks?" Let the both of them see a moment of irritation. "I would have expected more competent lies out of Hari, really."

"You weren't there to say otherwise," says the woman, calmly enough. "But your point is well taken." She moves forward to stand near Loic, and hands him a sheet of paper. "The latest statistics. We're going to need to recalibrate; the move threw all of the previous calibrations off, and something about the new location means our old numbers aren't working."

"Still?" Loic stares at the paper he's been handed with the look of a demon who knows full well what sort of deadline is creeping up on him. "I am going to squeeze Cardamine until she shakes something out of her little pet. The hardware we're working with isn't sufficient for our needs." The name he mentions is another nagging bit of distant memory; I'll spend time later trying to untangle it.

"The hardware is what we have to work with," says the woman, and I can hear the edge of tension from her as well. That move must have come on top of an already close deadline. "This is a software problem, and that means we're the ones responsible--"

"I am not about to let this project be a fai -- be less than sufficiently advanced and take the blame because that human can't deliver hardware that works well enough!" He crumples the bit of paper up. "Calibrate them again. And be more careful. Don't let that idiot Balseraph near them--"

"I know better than to let Tina anywhere near the equipment--"

"Do you mind if I take a look?" The pause won't last long. I offer them my charming smile, the one I use when people know I'm a Lilim and realize that they need something that I have to offer. "You're on a deadline. I have a few hours to kill. If I could offer some assistance, we might... come to an arrangement."

The Needs I've been reading from them have nothing to do with this project, but I don't have to let them know that.

By now, Ezekiel is probably frothing for the signal, and the Ofanim bored. But raids can shred information on accident, and we want to stamp this little project out thoroughly, don't we? So I let the two demons exchange meaningful looks.

Whenever I last worked beside this women, she must have noticed I was competent, because it seems she's the one throwing her support behind me. I wish I could remember who she was. "I doubt you'll be able to do anything useful," Loic says, grudgingly, "but a fresh set of eyes on the data wouldn't do any harm."

I strangle my hysterical laugh before it can escape, work it down into a polite smile. "Lead the way."

They've labeled the door 73 for some hidden internal reason; there can't be that many doors in the building. Loic takes nearly two minutes to deactivate all the security devices on the door, and I spent the time making snide comments about inefficient access to vital areas. The wiring is so screwy, no wonder they need their own generator to maintain proper power-flow.

And inside a large, clean room, well-lit, with a row of six humans strapped down on cots. "It's a small sample size," Loic explains, "which is not helping with data collection, but we're working under time constraints." They each have a web of wires and machinery around their heads, all connected to an incongruously ordinary mainframe. The two other demons working in here don't even look up as we enter, focused on their diagnostic terminals.

"Why use humans here instead of damned souls, for the tests?" I ought to be appalled, or angry. Aren't angels supposed to be upset by these things? But I'm only struck by the distant thought that, oh, yes, I've done this sort of thing before, and I know how annoying working from a small data set can be.

"We want to affect brain waves remotely. Trying to extrapolate from the celestial to the corporeal would add a new variable to an already complex equation." Loic gestures at the consoles. "Take a look, see if you can figure out what's keeping it from working properly."

"What errors are you finding in your data?" I examine the apparatus on the human nearest me, without touching it. Clumsy, hasty, dangerous. I wouldn't want to try boosting the current already pulsing through it.

"Anomalous reactions from the same stimulus, even from the same individual in the test group. This will be so much easier once it's advanced enough to do proper mass testing on more cooperative subjects."

"Ah. Of course." The human whose machinery I'm peering at is an old man, a scraggly beard grown up from where the demons haven't bothered to shave him. I'd guess he's been in their hands for two weeks, maybe more. "Do you have something I could take notes on?"

The woman hands me a pad of paper, a pen that tells me it's an artifact the instant I touch it. "You and your notebooks," she says. From anyone not a demon I would suspect that tone and look to mean fondness. Knowing her name, or where I worked with her before and for how long, would be useful right now.

"Thank you," I say. The wrong thing to say, I've fallen into the habit of casual civility, and it's too late to correct it. Loic has already moved away to speak with the other demons, but she's still close enough to have heard it.

She smiles, a little puzzled. "If you can make this work even a fraction better--"

"Then you'll owe me, yes." I shift behind the cots, drop one hand into my jacket pocket, and tap out a wait signal on the comm I'm carrying. "And could you tell them to stop typing so loudly? I can't concentrate properly with the noise of a thousand unhappy keyboards rapping at me."

An hour later, I've found two ways to reduce energy consumption, four ways to reduce irregularity in results, and one way to suggest a change that will appear to increase results while slowly degrading the signal being fed through the sets. "I can only hope your security is better than your hardware design," I say, handing Loic the sheets of notes. "Did you remember to trap incoming lines?"

"Not our hardware design," Loic says. "We'll get the traps up in a few more days. There's too much work to do here to bother with details like that. And we're more than prepared to handle anything that comes at us."

"So long as it doesn't come up to the back door and ask Tina to let it in?"

"How droll. No, we have other defenses than that. The plasma cannon--"

"Is in room four, and has fire concentration issues, judging by the marks I saw on the opposite wall."

"Well... yes. But it's extremely effective at close range."

"Which will do you well, so long as everyone who chooses to enter the facility consents to walking slowly down that hallway."

The door swings open, and Tina pokes her head in. She stands on the other side of the doorframe like someone who's been threatened with harm if she steps inside again. "Um, Loic? There's... um. There's someone at the door. Like. Um. Knocking? And she says, she says she's a friend of Mannie's, and would we mind letting her in? And, um, I'm not sure what to do, because I don't recognize her, but I thought I should ask before shooting--"

"What does she look like?" I ask. They were supposed to wait until I gave them the go-ahead signal. Of course, I was supposed to give the signal as soon as I'd gotten far enough inside to determine there were no nasty surprises waiting, so it's understandable that they've become... twitchy.

"Uh. Sciencey? She's a little taller than I am, kinda stocky, black hair, skin's pretty dark brown, no glasses..." Tinalle attempts to indicate height, build, and other pertinent details while leaning through the doorframe but not stepping forward, and nearly falls over. "Anyone you know?"

"Ah. I'd expected to meet her later, but she must have become impatient. Do let her in, why don't you?"

"Sure! Right on that, Mannie!" Tina disappears again before Loic can contradict what I've said.

"This is a laboratory, not a, a safehouse." He's bristling up for a snarl. I would be doing the same if a stranger began walking through one of my projects, and bringing guests.

"I'll be out again in a few minutes." I give a pointed look to the papers he's holding. "If you don't want my help, I'd be happy to withdraw the offer."

"No, it's..." He shakes his head. "You'll be done here soon?"

"No need to worry about that," I tell him. "I'll be gone in a few minutes."

Zif strides into the center of the room, leaving Tina at the door. "You're late," she says. "What's keeping you?" She can see all the cots easily enough, but her eyes stay on me.

"Nothing important. I believe I'm finished here. Are we ready to move on, then?"

She harrumphs. It's such a Djinnish sound, I can hardly believe she's making it. "Or as close to it as we'll come. Let's not waste any more time on this."

"Agreed." And because it wouldn't do to leave on a polite note, I add to Loic, "Perhaps now you'll be able to get your bits of machinery to function properly?"

We walk out of the room while he's still trying to form a coherent, scathing reply. Tina escorts us back down the hallway, giving Zif curious looks all the way. "You're out doing important things," she says to me, as we step outside. "Like, um, I don't know what, but... I mean, maybe I could do. Things like that too? Some day? Because they don't want me near the labs, but, um, if you needed help, or anything, I'm good at helping, really, and I'm better since I last worked, uh, for you. Really. If you wanted to think about it?"

For one strange moment I feel like I'm listening to a twisted version of Maharang, asking if it can help me, deliver notes, fetch coffee. But the moment passes, and it's only Tinalle, who can't wash beakers properly and craves power the way an Ofanite craves speed. "At least you have enough sense to realize you're not suited to be a scientist," I say, "for what that's worth." And I walk away with Zif.

The instant we turn the corner Zif drops her slouch to walk along as primly as ever, and taps on her comm. "You were playing a dangerous game," she says to me. Disturbance begins to clatter through the Symphony, and audible explosions bang out from a block away, as two Ofanim slam into the laboratory through unprotected lines. Shoddy security. "It was not the plan we had agreed to."

"Only a small variation," I say, "and now if too much of the equipment is destroyed, I can reconstruct most of it from memory, to analyze its function."

"You assume that other Sparkies would be careless and clumsy in an operation like this?"

"I, ah, didn't mean it like that."

"Nonetheless, it is what you're implying."

The disturbance echoes, overlaps, builds. The last time I was this near to a raid from Lightning, I was running the other way at the time, and hoping that surprises I left behind would perform correctly. "I am... not entirely accustomed to dealing with competent coworkers, yet." Bloody noisy coworkers, but competent ones.

"You are not accustomed to considering anyone not your superior to be competent, regardless of actual ability to perform a task."

"No, I suppose not." Two Ofanim and a Malakite of Lightning make a fair amount of noise, and I suspect the Cherub of Judgment is lending an enthusiastic hand. The whining yowl that streaks upward in pitch, and then turns into a massive crunch, must be the plasma cannon imploding. "Never did think those plasma weapons were a good idea. Too many bugs to make them worth the defensive use, to the point that they ended up as dangerous to us as to the, ah, enemy."

"A reasonable choice." Zif looks up at me. "Tell me, Mannie. How did you feel when you played the part of the demon you once were?"

"You always ask the difficult questions." I turn my hands over in front of me. Vapula gave me this vessel when he first sent me to Earth, and still I'm wearing it. Shouldn't I have lost all reminders of him, when redemption stripped away other excesses? "Terrified. Angry. And... powerful. I had a secret that they didn't know, to use against them. There's a certain thrill to this game."

In the darkness, a small figure staggering, running away. Zif steps forward; I put a hand on her shoulder. "And I can play this game again, if we let her go. Wherever she runs, I can find her again."

Zif weighs the potential benefits, and nods. "I had never considered fishing a useful hobby, but I begin to see the entertainment value of catch and release."

"...ah. Ha. Yes." I fold my arms around myself. I could use an Ofanite to linger near, right now. "You... would tell me, wouldn't you? If I were going too far..."

"I would take appropriate action if I believed you were tempted back towards your old life, yes."

"Appropriate action. Ah. You always know how to make me feel better." I close my eyes and wait in the cold night for my competent coworkers to finish their job.

Joseph is the first back, followed shortly by the Ofanim. One of them, I can't tell which name she belong to, holds one hand to a gaping wound in her side, so I take care of that, and then move on to Joseph's limp. Ezekiel finally appears when I'm finishing up on a more successful second attempt at the Song. "Missed one," he says, and turns to Zif. "I can follow and take care of it quickly enough--"

"No," says Zif, "we're letting that one get away. We can follow her again to another hiding place, as needed. What about the humans in there?"

"The Kyrio is taking care of them," says the Ofanite I just healed, and I didn't know we even had a Kyriotate around to help. "Moved in as soon as we'd figured out there weren't any Force-catchers cluttering up the place. We freed one, and it's using that host to get the others loose."

"Letting it get away," Ezekiel repeats. "It's a demon, Zif, we can't let it run loose."

"It's a pathetic little Balseraph who, in my experience, does more damage to her coworkers than her coworkers," I say. "If it would make you feel better, though, I can find her again, and Geas her to close her eyes and stand still so that you can get a clear shot."

I usually don't find Malakim amusing, but being glared at by an angry accountant whose hands are dripping blood is so peculiar it's funny. "And does it bother you that we're slicing up your old coworkers?"

"I didn't like demons when I was one. What makes you think redemption would change that?" Look into his eyes, and I discover that angels continue to Need the strangest things. "I don't think I can help you with that," I say, realizing a moment afterwards that it was out loud. I have lost all my internal controls, around angels.

"Stop /doing/ that," he snarls. "I don't need any Lilim trying to decide what I want--"

"And I could do without Malakim walking up to me and dredging up what I've done in the past," I say, "but I don't see that stopping them."

"Hush, both of you," says Zif. "We need to move." Somewhere in the midst of the discussion the Ofanim have brought the cars around. She examines the two of us, and then says, "You can continue the discussion on the way, if you'd like."

I could also have done without finding myself in the back seat with an annoyed Malakite. I'd rather be sitting next to Kelly again; I know how to predict her reactions.

"You're not much of angel," Ezekiel says. "From what I heard, it didn't sound like you had any trouble convincing them you hadn't changed."

"Would you really have preferred it if I'd botched the act entirely and gotten myself shot?" He opens his mouth, so I continue, "No, don't answer that. I'd like to pretend that the people I'm working with don't want to see me dead. For the change of pace."

"Trying to get you killed? Hardly. But I don't think you deserve to be involved in these sorts of operations."

"You don't think I deserve to be in Heaven at all." I close my eyes again. I don't want to see inside anyone's head right now. "I should introduce you to Dedan. The two of you could sit around talking about how much of a failure I am."

"I don't intend to waste any more time on you than I have to."

"Probably wise." I ought to let the conversation drop. Zif would approve of the restraint. "It would be my luck to end up in a car with a Calvinist."

"...a what?"

I don't open my eyes to see his expression, nor do I allow myself to smile. "A Calvinist. Believer in predestination. Before you ever existed, it was decided if you were chosen for salvation, or doomed to damnation, and there's not a damn thing you can do about it either way. The predestined will know, and will prove it through their works; those who aren't are inevitably lost. I imagine someone finds that sort of doctrine comforting. Largely the ones who know they're the predestined, though I can see those who consider themselves to be damned believing that they can't be blamed when God himself chose them to be the way they are."

"That's something of an extremist view of the doctrine," says Gamma, from the driver's seat. "I didn't know you studied theology."

"Not really. It came up in a conversation with Kai, once." The two of us spent three hours discussing free will, ineffability, and religion, on a long stretch of highway between stops, with him quoting Shakespeare as often as religious texts to back up his points.

"Kai? Oh, your Ofanite. I like that one. Spoke with it once when it was whirling around outside your office waiting for you to finish something. Not, um..." She searches for a polite way to put it. "Not very much a Lighting sort, no, but well able to hold up its side of a conversation. And properly fast."

"Well, that's a proper angel for you." I risk a glance at Ezekiel, but he's staring out the window. "And where I got the idea in the first place."

He's quiet enough for the rest of the drive back to the Tether, though it's no pleasant silence on his part. I like Malakim much more when they shut up and stick to killing demons.

I had to borrow another skirt from Sharon, seeing as they one I was going to use is torn, bloody, scorched, and dirty. I wouldn't feel out of place wearing it to certain parties, but it's probably not appropriate work attire. The skirt she loaned me has abstract fish pictures all along it, and while it doesn't swirl as nicely as the other, ought to work well enough for emergency running. The sandals, now, those aren't going to do so well if I need to run. Here's to hoping that if an emergency comes up, I have car keys in hand.

When I reach the office the door is locked. Weird. I knock twice, then pace up and down the hallway when there's no answer. After five minutes, I pull out my phone, and dial the office number. I can hear ringing from inside, but no answer. If someone came by to off my employer last night, nobody told me.

Fifteen minutes past the hour, and I'm about ready to call Mannie to find out if someone did decide to stop by the office and no one's gotten around to letting me know yet, when Chad steps out of the elevator. "Morning, Megs!" he says. "Sorry I'm late. Hope you weren't waiting long."

"Not too long," I say, and follow him inside. "Maybe I ought to get a key, so that I can let myself in if you're not here. I heard the phone ringing from outside."

"Probably just telemarketers. Nothing to worry about." His steps are downright jaunty, and he barely pauses to frown at the hole in the door to his office. "Did you get the reservations set up?"

"Twelve-thirty, nice place, party of four," I say. "The people to repair the glass will be coming by at ten, and say they can have it finished within an hour if you don't need anything written on the glass, so if the clients are stopping by the office first, it should be fixed by then."

"You are a wonder, Megs." He puts a hand on my shoulder as I sit down at the desk. I could get a pen through that hand before he had a chance to move it away, but I bet the Sparkies would be grumpy about me blowing my cover. I'm supposed to be discreet, observing, and, as Mannie took the time to point out, not confronting anyone. Probably a good idea when I don't know the territory or situation, but I'm more used to addressing demons directly when they come up. "You've been doing great work. I'll have to make it up to you sometime."

"Hey, it's not like you've been giving me anything too tricky to do," I say. Give me access to information already. "I mean, honestly, I'm twiddling my thumbs half the day. If there's any work you can toss in my direction to make things easier for you, just let me know."

"I'll keep it in mind," he says. Hand still on my shoulder. "But for today, let's concentrate on getting through the meeting."

"Sure thing, Chad."

He heads back into his office to let me get to my theoretical work.

A hum of Essence being spent makes me look up from where I'm scrubbing the microwave, for lack of anything better to do, but I don't hear any unusual noises. He's only pushing Essence towards doing his job better, the way any human coming up on a deadline might. And again, and again even louder... He's blowing Essence like someone who's awfully concerned about results.

When two men show up to install a new pane of glass, Chad steps out to talk with them, full of congeniality. They respond in kind, smiling back at him when they pack their tools up. He shakes hands with one of them as the man leaves, and if I can't see the Essence being sucked out, I can imagine it. Impudite through and through.

And because I'm being good, I keep rearranging the supplies cupboard, then go to tidy up the repair grime. I don't do a damn thing about Chad. I hate working like this. This job cannot end quickly enough.

At noon, Chad sends me running down to the convenience store to pick up a bottle of water and a pack of caffeine pills. The woman behind the counter smiles as I spin in. "See," she says, when I bring the items to the counter, "boys like skirts. You are very pretty now."

"Thanks." I give her another spin, because it will make her happy. "How's your day been?"

"Good, good," she says. "And now better. You will come in much now?"

"I'll try." Once I finish with this job, I can take a few weeks in this city to do things the Boss would like. For one, I need to make sure Sharon's set up with some way of reporting to an angel who knows what's going on. I wonder if she'd want to move to Arizona and take up teaching in a community center.

I take the stairs up to the office instead of the elevator, to give me a chance to run. Three stairs at a time all the way to the top. It's nearly enough to put me in a good mood. I do a quick spin in the hallway, step into the outer office. "Chad? Got the stuff you wanted."

The door to his office opens, and Chad steps out next to -- oh, fuck. A human I recognize. Ed, the mumbling man with a start-up from Los Angeles. Which means that the blond woman behind him is... Candi. Lilim of Technology. Of course.

None of them are looking at me when they step out, involved in a superficial flurry of greetings and asking after each other's health, business, I don't know why they're all bothering to pretend it's a friendly meeting, so I have enough time to compose my face before Chad turns in my direction. "Megs!" He smiles at me. I manage a smile back. If I hadn't agreed to this job, I could get her somewhere private, and let her know how angry I am about what she made me do back in Los Angeles. Please, please let me have a chance to do something to her before she flies back, because I don't think even I'm stupid enough to hunt through that city for a demon. "This is my assistant, Megan. Megs, these are the clients I was talking about, Candi Smith and Ed Hastings."

"Pleased to meet you, Ms. Smith, Mr. Hastings." I shake hands briefly with Ed, who looks at my chest then turns away, and then Candi, who's wearing garishly decorated sunglasses.

"Oh, aren't you a sweetheart," Candi purrs. There's something about the way she says it that makes me nervous, underneath all the anger I'm trying to suppress. "I remember you from over the phone." She turns the handshake into linked arms, and it's all I can do not to pull away. "Ed, baby, why don't you ride with Chad to this restaurant, and Megan here can show me the way in the rental? You two can talk business, and we can get in some girl talk." She pats my arm as she speaks, and forget smiling, I'm using as much self-control as I have to not hit her right now.

Chad actually frowns, and if I weren't in the middle of this, I'd enjoy watching him try to come up with a reason why this is a bad idea. I wish he could come up with a reason, but he says, "Sounds like a plan. We'll meet you at the restaurant."

"Perfect. See you there." Candi kisses Ed on the cheek, and then walks briskly off to the elevator, not letting go of my arm. "You know how it is," she says to me, in a faux-confidential low voice, "sometimes you need to let the boys do their thing together, and get out of the way for a while."

"...their thing?" I don't want to talk to her. I am alone in an elevator with someone I want to kill and I have to be polite. If this is a test from God, God apparently has the same sense of humor as certain Windies I know.

"Oh, you know. They can be so competitive." I'm not sure Ed has a competitive bone in his body, and I think Chad and Candi would have been shouting already if it weren't for people watching. "But now it's just us girls, and we can talk about more interesting things."

I manage to make it all the way down to the lobby without hitting her. Go me. I'm going to need to schedule a few hours later on to scream my head off, or find something extremely fast to drive, to relieve the stress I'm building up.

The instant we step outside I slip my sunglasses on, now that I have sunlight as an excuse. "Where's the car?"

"Right over here." Parked in a marked handicapped spot. Now that's just petty, even for a demon. She pulls out the keys as we walk over, and still, her arm hooked around mine. "Are you good at giving directions?"

"Actually, it would be easier if you let me drive," I say. "If you don't mind?"

"Not at all, sweetheart." She passes the keys over.

I do not jump in the car and drive far, far away. Much as I want to. I even wait for her to close the door on her side before pulling into traffic.

"So, Megan, how long have you been working for your boss?"

Decades, for my Boss. But she's only talking about Chad. "Only a few days, Ms. Smith. The temp agency sent me by."

"And how do you like him so far?"

"Oh, he's pretty nice." Compared to her. "The work's easy, and he's not the unreasonable sort or anything." Except for when he throws telephones through windows. I slam through a yellow light right as it's turning red. "Oops. Sorry about that..."

"No need to apologize, sweetheart." She won't stop smiling, and it's getting on what few nerves I have left that weren't already twitching. "So what were you doing before you ended up here?"

"Um. Went to a community college, got my Associates degree, and... that's about it. I've had a pretty boring life." A life which continues to be boring, with the restrictions put on it. How do angels who go into deep cover near demons for decades manage this? Okay, so last night wasn't boring, but last night wasn't discreet either, and it's only the chance that the disturbance was near enough for me to hear that kept me from spending another eight hours pacing in my apartment.

"And what do you want out of life, Megan? Everyone has ambition, dreams..."

"I don't know, Ms. Smith. It's kinda early to have figured that out, isn't it? Still plenty of time to see where I end up. This job's a temporary thing, until I decide what I really want."

"I think you have real potential, Megan." That's not sincerity I'm hearing in her voice, I don't know what I am hearing, but I don't like it. Surely she hasn't figured out who I am yet, or she wouldn't be sitting there so calmly. She plucks a business card out of her dainty little purse. "When you're done in your current job, why don't you give me a call sometime? We should be able to work out a way to put you on the fast-track to success."

"You really think so?"

"Oh, I know it, Megan. I mean, look at me. I started out with nothing more to my name than the clothes on my back, no help from family or friends, and a few years later I have a nice house, an adoring boyfriend, a very nice paycheck, and if I'm bored where I am? I can fly to Europe for a weekend to try the air over there. You could have that too, some day."

I pull up in front of the valet station outside the restaurant. "That's pretty impressive, Ms. Smith. But I don't know if I could manage that. I'm not the ambitious sort." I hate to give the keys away. I could have driven somewhere private before she knew to suspect anything, and -- no. Discreet. I am being discreet. Mannie asked me to do one simple job for him, and what kind of angel am I if I can't handle this?

"You can do all sorts of things with the right friends," Candi says. "Don't lose the card."

"Oh, I won't." If nothing else, I can swing by Los Angeles with Jack and some of his friends, track down the address of the phone number listed on the card, and pay Candi a personal visit before zooming out of town again.

Our reservations are on the roof-top patio; I called back to make sure last night, once I found out I'd be sitting near a Lilim. Once the server's escorted us all to our table, I make sure to grab a chair in the sun. No reason to take off the sunglasses now. Candi kisses Ed, gives Chad a smile so sweet she must be smug about something, though I'm not sure what, and sits next to me, across from Chad. "Megan's a good driver," Candi says. I wish I could read what she's communicating in that sugary tone. "You ought to let her drive more often, so long as you have that cute little sports car."

"I told you I could handle a stick," I say, and Chad blinks at me.

"No doubt." He's trying to be charming, suave, confident. If I hadn't seen him projecting those better before, I'd even say he was succeeding. So that's the way this power dynamic plays out. I never analyzed demonic power structures before; it was pretty much find the demon, determine if the demon was reasonable, and if reasonability wasn't happening, employ items at hand to convince the demon it shouldn't be mucking about in my town. "Candi, babe, let's get down to business."

I flick on the recording on my phone, and try to enjoy the meal.

The food is good, though not good enough to justify the prices. The rooftop allows for a gorgeous view of the city, with twisting vines climbing from their pots across trellises all across the patio, making every table a private nook. With better company, I'd like the place. Even Mannie wouldn't find a reason to complain about the service.

The company, unfortunately, couldn't get much worse without sticking a Shedite inside of Ed. (I'm reasonably sure he's not carrying any rider; he's too mumbly-passive about things to seem like someone who's being corrupted.) Chad and Candi toss back and forth details about the project, all the information too technical or too vague for me to follow. I hope Mannie can pull what he needs out of the recording. If he tells me tonight that it's enough and I can pack up to leave, I could catch Candi before she flies out of town.

Between lunch and dessert, Candi pushes her chair away from the table to stand up. "I need to visit the little girls' room," she says, and looks at me pointedly. Isn't that whole thing about women always visiting the bathroom together only a stereotype? "Let's give the boys a little time to discuss confidential details," she adds in a mock whisper, when I don't stand up to join her.

I throw Chad a desperate look. He only shrugs. What have I done to deserve this? So I follow Candi away from the table, while Ed mumbles something over to Chad.

"Those are cute sunglasses," Candi says to me, as we walk together. At least she hasn't grabbed my arm again. "But you have such pretty eyes, you shouldn't cover those up all the time."

"My boyfriend thinks they look good on me," I say. How long are we expected to linger in the restroom anyway? This one has an entire little antechamber with couches and magazines before the bathroom proper. I'm doomed.

"Oh, you have a boyfriend? What does he do?"

"He's a mechanic. Back in the city I came from."

"Those long distance relationships are so difficult to keep up," Candi says, shaking her head in what's probably supposed to look like sympathy. "You know, you could do much better than that."

"He's a nice guy." Okay, so he's arrogant, easily irritated, not so kind as he ought to be, and a workaholic, but in an endearing way. Mostly.

"I'm sure he is, but sweetheart, nice guys are a dime a dozen." We stand in front of the mirror so that she can touch up her makeup. I'd always thought Lilim Techies were hackers; this one must be branching out. "You can't let sentimentally drag you down. That's a mistake so many people make."

I should have left my phone back at my seat, somehow, to record the conversation there; this one isn't going to do the Sparkies any good. "Mm. Do you think they're done with the confidential stuff yet?"

"Oh, let's give them a little time." She has such a pretty smile. She works for Vapula, so she must be smart. I could see her in Heaven, all her twisty games turned towards something useful, and... what a waste. What a waste of people and minds and resources, turned and twisted for Hell. I let her lead me back to the couches in the first room, sit down beside her. "Now," she says, sitting back comfortably on the couch, "tell me, how would you like to come to Los Angeles and make some serious money?"

"...um. How?" I could get a good vessel-kill before she could make any serious noise, using the magazines and the vase of dried flowers. I could also completely blow my cover, and make Mannie's life that much harder. Why couldn't they have sent an Elohite to do this job? Elohim are great at reacting in reasonable ways. I just want to hit things and run.

"Working for me, of course." She pats me on the knee. "Megan, I like you, and I think you have real potential. Ed's business is expanding, and the work I used to do, well, I'm too busy to take care of it now. I could use an assistant of my own."

"You only just met me." Why is she doing this? Is it a way of annoying Chad, or -- oh. Impudites of Technology have glasses that read how much Essence someone is carrying, and there's no reason why a Lilim of Technology couldn't acquire the same. I do a frantic inventory, and realize I have six notes of Essence at hand. Thank God for blowing some last night, or I would have been in real trouble when she saw me. But most humans can't hold six notes. No wonder she's paying all this attention to me.

"Sometimes you get a feeling about someone, and have to trust it," Candi says. She has very white teeth. "I've learned to trust my instincts on these sorts of things."

"I have a lease--"

"I could help you out with moving expenses quite easily. I'm sure your landlords wouldn't mind if you paid the usual fees."

"And a car--"

"We can get you a new car, Megan. You need a car to get anywhere in Los Angeles anyway."

Okay, so that's the first really tempting thing she's said. Not that it matters. I'm here for a short job, not for deep cover, and I wouldn't keep my cover for long with as many demons as that city holds. I search desperately for another reason to throw out. "I'm working for Chad right now, Ms. Smith--"

"Call me Candi, Megan."

"...Candi. And I can't leave him without a receptionist just like that!"

"We're here for a few more day, Megan. I'm sure he could arrange for someone else from the temp agency in that time."

"...do you mind if I think about it?"

"Of course not! Take your time." She stands up, offers me a hand with pointed red nails to help me up. "It's a big decision, but you could really go far, working for me."

"I'm sure I could, Ms. -- Candi."

When we get back to the table, Ed's talking in an animated manner. "So when I realized that the hardware was going to need to be integrated easily into older systems, I had them start scaling back the RAM requirements until we could get these into any cheap off-the-shelf blank box." He stops as Candi and I approach, and then he's mumbling into his dessert again.

Despite everything, I enjoy the key lime pie.

Back at work, Candi and Ed spend another four hours in Chad's office, without so much as a slightly raised voice to be heard. I spend the time uploading the phone's recording to whoever's analyzing it. I hope I didn't sound like too much of an idiot in my conversation with Candi. I know I'm not as smart as Mannie, or most anyone who works with Lightning, but I'd hate to come across as dumb. When the two clients leave, Candi gives me a smile on the way out. I think several rude words in her direction, and smile back.

And then the door is closed, and Chad's standing next to my desk, looking nearly as tired as he must feel. "So how did it go?" I ask.

"Better than it could have gone." He runs a hand through his perfectly mussed hair, leaving it more naturally messy. "What did you think of them?"

I decide on something close to honesty. "I think that Candi -- Ms. Smith was pressing really hard for me to move to Los Angeles, and that's kinda weirding me out. I haven't done anything impressive enough for her to offer me the stuff she is."

"Really." Chad looks down at me. "And what did you say?"

"That I have a job here already, Chad. And that I'd think about it."

He nods slowly. "That was... a good idea, Megs. A really good idea. Believe me, you don't want to end up working for her. She's difficult enough to deal with as a client." He puts that hand on my shoulder, and at least it's not so bad as having her touch me. "If she offers you anything... Say no nicely, and let me know, okay? You don't want to end up in debt to her."

"I wasn't planning on taking anything. I just figured she'd stop bothering me about it if I said I was thinking about it. You don't get that kind of job offer without some sort of a catch."

"Smart girl." His hand squeezes my shoulder. "Listen, I'm going to be working on some of what they've dumped in my lap all evening. If you're interested in earning some overtime, we could do another hour here, then grab dinner, get in a few more hours tonight... What do you think?" He's reacquired his charm. "You did say you wanted something more to do, and Megs, I have plenty for you to do."

A better chance at looking at the details of this project? That's an easy decision. "No problem. How late do you think it'll go?"

"Hard to say. But if it goes too late, we can both take tomorrow morning off. The next meeting scheduled is another lunch one."

True to his word, Chad brings out files, folders, sheer heaps of data for me to work on. It's mostly sorting and number crunching, everything labeled with strange incomprehensible names, but it's data, and that is what I was asked for. I copy the computer files to emails sent to the addresses I was given, deleting the contents of my 'sent' folder after each one, and get in an occasional phone snapshot of the papers whenever Chad's door is closed.

We visit the Italian restaurant again for dinner, and this time we do have to wait a few minutes for a seat, though the hostess at the front keeps apologizing to Chad. He keeps the conversation light, talking about what he saw this morning driving through the city before work; I tell him about the game I played at the arcade, omitting mention of what happened afterwards. We finish off with a discussion of old horror movies and westerns. Chad sounds appreciative, interested, amused, and sympathetic in all the right places. He does know how to work people, doesn't he? Even knowing what he is, I'm in a better mood by the end of the meal.

Out in the parking lot, he slides into the driver's seat. "You'll have to let me drive sometime," I say, buckling myself into the other seat.

"You like the car, don't you."

"I drive a Daewoo, Chad. It won't go over seventy. Half the mechanics haven't even heard of it. Of course I like your car." I'd like a motorcycle better. I wonder if getting one when I hit my old job again would be too suspicious. I'm not sure how long they're going to watch for me there, or if they've already given up on and moved on to other things. Mannie would have a better idea of what to do. He takes a different turn than I'd expected him to. "The office is the other way..."

"Megs, the both of us have been stuck in that office for too long. Why don't we finish up the rest of this work back at my place? I can tell you've been getting sick of staring at the same four walls too, and it'll be a hell of a lot easier to think straight in a more comfortable environment. What do you say?" He offers me a grin. "I'll even let you drive on the way back."

"When you put it that way..." I lean back with one arm hanging out the side to enjoy the wind. "Do you have enough files at your place to give us something to work with?" There's a fair chance he keeps the more sensitive information outside of his office. And I'd agree that staring at those walls for another few hours would be so far below entertaining it's practically un-Media-like.

"Plenty to work with, Megs." He laughs. "You know, I thought you were going to hit that woman if she called you 'sweetheart' one more time."

"Did that show? I was trying to be, well, polite, seeing as they're clients of yours and all..."

"Don't worry about it, Megs. You kept it marvelously under control. And don't worry too much about Candi; she's only trying to seduce you off to Los Angeles because you're working for me. She ought to lose interest soon."

We've left the center of the city to drive towards one of the more upscale areas of town. He handles the car decently, but if only I were behind the wheel... Probably better that I'm not; I'd have a hard time coming back here to finish the job. "Have you known her for very long, then? I thought Ed was the one who owned the company, but Candi seemed like she was an old... um. Friend, I guess. Or coworker. Something like that."

"We've run into each other on occasion," Chad says, and uses his right arm to wave away the question. "She has a competitive streak a mile wide, that's the problem. Even working together on a project, she can't help but try to one-up everyone in sight. Definitely not someone you'd want to work for."

"You don't have to worry about that, Chad. I'm not about to run off on a single shady offer from a person I've met once." Not until I'm told this job is over. They said no longer than two weeks, but these few days have already felt like weeks. "Oh, hey, I ought to call my boyfriend. Usually I call after I get home from work, and he might be getting worried." I dig out the phone from my bag. "Just to let him know I'm working late."

The phone picks up on the first ring. "Kai--"

"Hey, Mikey! It's Megan," I chirp, loudly enough to cover anything else he might be saying that could spill over. "I'm working late tonight, but I'll call you when I'm done, okay?"

A short pause. "Understood," he says, not happily. "I'll, ah, catch you later, then."

"Right. Don't wait up for the call, okay? This might take a while. Love ya." I snap the phone closed. "Hey, is that your house?"

"All mine," says Chad, as we pull into the driveway. It's a gorgeous three-story house done up in a style popular back in the 1920s, maybe even a decade earlier; I'd have to pull out my books on architecture to check. Wait, my books on architecture went up in flames when my old apartment was burnt. I'll have to find new books, then, and look it up. There's a long porch in front done up in arches, leaded glass windows, a brick chimney in the back. "Paid it off with a few contracts..."

"It's beautiful." I'd love to live in a house like this. There's history to those walls, labor done with real craftsmanship. By the looks of it, a proper attic and a cellar, old-fashioned gables, a backyard that could be a garden with a little work.

"Picked it up for a song when the previous owner died, and his children didn't want the hassle of splitting up ownership. Some might say it's big for just one person, but how could I resist a house like this?"

"I know I couldn't." The air inside the house has the smell of a place that's not used often; I think he has been working most nights at the office. How much of a Role does he bother to keep up? There aren't many people who'd ask questions about a one-man marketing company. Every item inside, from carpet to curtains, looks like a picture in a glossy magazine, not a place that's lived in. A house this big ought to have children sliding down the banister and a surly teenage band practicing in the basement.

For the first time, it occurs to me that this probably-Impudite has been working on a single project, alone in his office, for who knows how long. No wonder he hired a temp receptionist. People who need people have issues when they're stuck in an office alone for long stretches. Kinda like an Ofanite holding down a desk job.

"My home office is upstairs," Chad says, and leads the way up. The banister is lovely, smooth, perfect for sliding down, and with serious filigree work along the support poles. The person who did the interior design should've gone for a homier look, instead of trying so hard to push this house into elegance. For all that this house is enormous, it's also meant to be comfortable. "When I first bought this place I thought of moving my business in here, but I prefer to have a professional office for when clients are visiting. But it's good to have the option for a change of scenery, isn't it?"

"Definitely." His office is also a bedroom, a wide room with a big, curtained arched window looking out over the back yard. "That must be a great view in the mornings."

"What? Oh, right. I'm usually too busy in the mornings to take it in, but it's a lovely view." Chad moves over to the desk, and begins sorting through files in the drawer. "Might as well kick off your shoes, this is going to take a while. Due to a hard drive crash a few months back, all of this information is only available in hardcopy, and cross-referencing it is going to be fun."

I take off the loathsome sandals, drop down onto the couch across from the desk, and accept the first folder that he hands me. "What am I looking for?"

"This line, here," he says, and leans over me to point out a line on the first page inside the file. "The first run through, pull everything with four hundred thousand or higher. Once we have all those sorted out, we can begin checking them against the category listings, and then... Well, one thing at a time, right?"

"What fun." I fold my legs beneath me and begin going through the files.

An hour later, I've worked through half the stack. I set the folder down, stand up, and blink at the dark window. "You know how I said I wanted more to do? I'm going to take that back, right now."

"Are you okay, Megs? We can take another break, if you're having trouble." He steps in to stand behind me. "There's a lot to go through, but we can take it a little at a time."

"Just restless." I was not made to sit in rooms. I've been moving since my Forces first came together, dancing since my Boss sent me down to Earth, and this is... not what I do. "Give me a few minutes and I'll be fine." I will not be fine, but this is only uncomfortable. I can put up with a bit of discomfort for the sake of the job I was given. No chains holding me back if I have to run.

His hand on my shoulder. I'd read it as a subtle sign of dominance, that he's taller than me and in a position of authority, except that he seems to use the gesture in circumstances that call for comfort. Maybe the touch is supposed to reassure him, not me. "Relax," he says, "you're doing a great job."

Oh, brilliant job that I'm doing, right. I'm distracted six ways from Sunday, I can't even understand the information I'm passing on, and I can't hit anyone. "If you say so."

"I say so." Both hands on my shoulders now, and he turns me around, taps me on the nose with one finger. "Megs, you really need to relax."

I was expecting this, sooner or later. A wash of emotion, far gentler than anything a Habbalite throws, spreads through my mind. He's trying to Charm me, and I ought to fight back... No, it's only that I'm tired, and in a bad mood, and when he holds me it's so comfortable. "I am so tired of paperwork," I mumble into his chest. "No offense, but I hate this job."

"Don't worry, Megs. I don't hold that against you." I can feel the Essence draining out of me, no matter that I'm spending it on nothing myself. So that's what it feels like when an Impudite has you charmed. I can't find it in myself to mind. I needed someone's arms around me, and he's doing that nicely. "You are... something else, Megs." Six notes of Essence; hardly typical for a human. So now he knows as much as the Lilim did. But Chad's not about to drag me off to a city full of demons.

"Mm. If you say so." I sigh against his chest. "I probably shouldn't have taken the job. But I needed--"

"Shush, Megs." He kisses me, it's not at all the way other angels have kissed me before, not even the way Mannie does. "Let's get more comfortable--"

"Wait, wait." I take a step back, into the window, curtains sleek beneath my hands as I try to steady myself. "I... shouldn't be doing this." Chad's great, but my triad's going to pull me back to Heaven so fast I'd leave a puff of smoke in my wake if I go to bed with a demon, and one I'm supposed to be investigating at that. Everything is suddenly so complicated.

"There's nothing to worry about, Megs." He pulls me back in, and there's nothing wrong with kissing, right? "We both just need a bit of a break. Stop thinking about it so hard."

"Thinking isn't what I'm best at anyway," I say. I do like the way he's holding me, though I'm not sure my triad would approve of the direction his hands are moving. "It's only that I don't think this is a good idea. Makes things weird." Reporting on Chad without him knowing it wouldn't be right, and--

Damn him.

I step back back. Not shaking. I am not shaking. So far as he knows I'm still just Megan Moore, a human with six Forces, someone worth holding onto but not one who knows anything. "No," I say. Keep my voice even. I'm not good at this. "A bad idea."

The bastard tries to Charm me again. I can't believe I let him do that before, and this time he's not managing it. He wears a puzzled smile. "Megs--"

"No. Stop right there. This is not happening." I can walk in a mostly straight line. I will not blow my cover. I will not do anything that shows what I am, no matter how much I want to demonstrate how lethal paper cuts can be. I find my sandals, lousy for walking, and put them back on. "I am working for you. Not sleeping with you. I have a boyfriend, to start with, and I believe I mentioned that, when you asked."

"Oh, come on, Megs, don't get so upset over--"

I spin around and jab one finger in his chest. Take a certain amount of pleasure in watching him take a half step back from the force. "No. I am going home. And tomorrow morning I'm going to pretend this never happened. Understood?" I head out the door before he can respond.

He catches up to me at the bottom of the stairs. "Megs, stop for a minute." He grabs my arm. I could slip out of his grasp, but that might show more than I want to. So I stand there and glare at him. "Look, it's late at night, and you're in a strange neighborhood, you don't want to just walk out--"

"I can find my own way home." I could use a very long walk to work out what's going through my head. "Let go of me."

"Megs--"

"If you want me to show up tomorrow morning, let go of me now."

I pull my arm out of his hand, now that he's not holding on tightly. "You're overreacting," he says quietly.

"Maybe so. And tomorrow I'm pretending this whole thing didn't happen."

"I'll give you a ride home--"

"I'd rather walk."

"That's miles, Megs."

"I could use the exercise." I've reached the front door; he's given up trying to hold on to me, instead keeping slightly in front of me so that it's hard to walk forward without running into him. "Good night, Chad." I open the door.

"Good night, Megs," he says. Reaches out for me, then pulls his hand back. "Look, I'm sorry--"

"I don't want to talk about it." The driveway's been paved recently, smooth beneath my feet.

I think he's standing in the doorway for a while yet, but I don't give him the satisfaction of turning around to look.

Half a mile away, I finally pull out my cellphone. How nice, they've provided a blue backlit display to make it easy to use in the dark. I stab my way through the menus until it starts ringing.

"Hello?" Mannie's being more cautious now.

"Mannie? You know how I told you I hate Calabim? I really, really hate Impudites. I'm just saying." I can stomp along to my words, rhythm near enough to music to keep me... focused. I'm being focused.

"What happened, Kai?"

"Charmed and drained. I knew it was about to happen and the bastard still got me. Oh, and the Lilim that showed up? ImpuTech glasses, so now everyone knows I was holding six notes of Essence today. Luckily enough they all seem to think I'm a six-Force human, but if I show up before noon tomorrow with one Essence? That's going to be a problem. And after noon, I ought to have one point more than before? Again? A problem. I am so glad that Impudites can only get in my head for a few minutes, or I'd be in even more trouble." I take a deep breath, let cold air settle down through this vessel's lungs. "Aside from that, though, life is great. You?"

"I'm sorry, Kai. I didn't know--"

"Nah, it's not your fault. I'm just angry at myself for falling for the Charm, even if I did push it away the second time. I hate having what I feel twisted around like that. Trying to make real friendship cheap, by tossing an approximation of it at people on a whim. And when he drained me--" I can't help the shaking now. "Damn him, I feel used."

The long pause is enough to make me worry. "I can find an excuse to meet him, when this is all over," says Mannie. "And find a way to hurt him."

"I appreciate the offer, but you have better things to do than run around down here taking care of problems I got myself into. You're safer where you are. You have been staying there, haven't you?" With two Cherubim watching for him, surely they've been keeping him safe.

"Not, ah, entirely, no. But we've been taking appropriate security measures." A clink of mugs, Maharang bringing him coffee. I haven't had anything more caffeinated than that ice cream in days. I ask the Symphony a question, and get an answer involving caffeine. I turn right instead of continuing straight, at the next block. "And coming up with some success, even."

"Enough success that I can drop this job?" I shouldn't be pushing for that. I've been given an awful lot for a small assignment, I shouldn't be so greedy to get out of my end of the bargain.

"I'm afraid not, Kai. The conversation you recorded over lunch was helpful, though."

"Hey, well. Helpful's my middle name. Somewhere right next to complete idiot, mind, but in the name!" I kick a stone out across the street. "I'm sorry, I'm getting upset over little things. I'm feeling out of my element. Apparently a few decades of downstairs service isn't so useful when you stay in the same place for all of it. Dealing with demons like this is weird."

"We'll get you out of there as soon as we can, Kai."

"I know, I know. And I'm whining, which is bad, so I'm going to hit a coffee shop, head home, and... I don't know. Figure something out."

"Go to work after noon."

"What?"

"After noon. Call in sick, or with a hangover, or come up with some excuse, and head into work after noon. You'll have one Essence at the right time of day. This does not solve all the problems, but reduces the potential for one to become excessively dangerous."

"Oh. Right." This neighborhood is far too quiet, not enough insects making night noises. "I... probably should have thought of that myself."

"You're upset. Of course you'll have difficulty thinking straight. Go get yourself large quantities of caffeine, and find something fast to ride."

"Yeah." Having him on the other end of the line, even with nothing for me to say, makes me feel better. "I wish you were here, Mannie. Not that -- well, not here here, because it's not safe for you. But. I wish you were around."

"I do too, Kai."

"I'd better go get coffee."

"You do that."

"Don't do anything too dangerous, okay? I have enough to worry about down here."

"Zif will take care of me, Kai. Don't worry." And Zif does seem awfully competent.

"Okay," I say, and hang up. Two more miles to the coffee shop. The walk will do me good.

Nomikos found Adala in a room of file cabinets stretching further than he could see. She looked up as he approached, and frowned. "I am busy," she said.

"So I can see. But I'd like a moment of your time," the Malakite replied. He seated himself on a bare wooden chair near a table of folders, to show that he was willing to wait.

Adala continued placing files into the correct folders. After a time, when she saw that he was not about to leave, she said, "You are the second person to come to see me since I was set to this task. Constant interruptions only delay the completion."

Nomikos reflected that two interruptions in such a great period of time did not seem constant to him, but then, he did not know the length of the task she'd been set to. "Do you ever wonder," he asked, "about how appropriate a given punishment might be?"

"Not when it comes from Judgment," said Adala, without turning away from her task. "We serve the Most Just, and thus all the sentences given by Judgment are just. Any appearance of unfairness comes from our imperfect understanding of the matter." She blinked her six eyes in sets of two, then turned her head to look at Nomikos. "Why do you ask?"

"Because I believe Dedan is responding badly to what punishment he was given, and this worries me. He is an old friend, as much as you are, and I do not like to see him so troubled."

"A punishment that can be easily dismissed is hardly punishment at all."

"Yes, but a punishment which pushes someone closer to their original sin seems to be the wrong answer to a crime."

The Seraph paused in her filing. "Perhaps it is thought that a surfeit of the sin would prove the fault that the guilty party had previously failed to see, and thus turn him away?"

"Most Holy," said Nomikos, in what might have been a sharper voice than an old friend should use to another, "Dedan is a Cherub. I do not believe that anyone wishes to teach him to stop caring for others. But this appears to be what is happening, and I am concerned. Both as a friend and as a Servitor of Judgment. It is not that his punishment was too heavy or too light, but that it was insufficiently explained to him. Or perhaps it was explained sufficiently, but he was not listening properly, because he is not taking an appropriate lesson from it."

Adala shook her head. "I cannot debate the wisdom of punishment passed down from those above us."

Nomikos let out an irritable hiss of breath. "You said one other had come to visit you. Was that Dedan, before?"

"No. Another Seraph of Judgment. He wished to speak about an angel he had found himself interrogating." Adala turned away from the Malakite. "I am quite busy, here."

"So I see." Nomikos stood up, and bowed, though her back was to him. "Thank you for the time."

He walked for a time near the Grove, speaking politely to those who were impolite, until he had come to a decision. At this point he sent a reliever ahead with a message, and then returned to the waiting room he had visited frequently before.

The call to enter came sooner than he expected. Nomikos stepped into Seraph's office, and bowed. "Most Holy, thank you for the time. I will attempt to be brief."

"Then do so," said the Seraph.

Now that the moment had come to actually present his request, the Malakite found it seemed less reasonable to him than it had before. Nonetheless, he continued. "I would like to know the reason for Dedan's current assignment."

"The reason?"

"Yes. I am entirely aware of what my triad -- my former triad did incorrectly, that we should be reprimanded. I wish to know why Dedan was moved to another triad without any great interval or other punishment, and what this was intended to accomplish."

The Seraph blinked, slowly. "And why would you request this information? Do you consider the different punishments as meted out to be unfair?"

"No, Most Holy. But I am concerned that this Guardian has reacted... poorly. To the punishment given to him." Nomikos stopped for a moment, for he was unhappy about what he meant to say. "I believe he may even be reacting in such a way as to be pushed closer to his original fault, rather than away from it. And so I seek reassurance that there was good reason for this, that my concerns are baseless or mistaken."

"And do you believe that the punishment decreed by Judgment would push him into heresy?"

Nomikos spread his hands. "All heresy ultimately comes as a choice from those who do it. My perception of the matter is imperfect, and biased. But I cannot leave this unreported."

"Your concerns and bias are thus noted." The Seraph turned back to papers on its desk.

Nomikos left, feeling no happier about the matter than before.

After a time he sent messages to certain people with whom he wished to speak; all replies indicated that these people were busy, and could not be interrupted except for an emergency.

Nomikos would have returned to ask that he be given some job, any job, that he might serve the Most Just as he had been created to do. But he feared they would refuse, and so he reflected, as he had been told to do.

Three quarters of the way through my report on the function of the devices I saw, which has not been going quickly because, let me be honest with myself, I'm worried by what Kai said, there's a knock at my door. This catches my attention; with my door open, everyone walks in when they need to see me. If it's someone from Judgment come to ask prying questions again, I hope they're willing to wait four hours so that I can finish this. I don't have time for interruptions today. And maybe if I ignore them, they'll go away.

Another, firmer rap at the door. Apparently not. I sit up, spin my chair around. "Yes?"

The lion of unhappiness himself. I let my full irritation show. "I'm busy right now. If you feel obliged to harass me, could you try to schedule your visits during my breaks? I'm sure Gariel would be happy to give you the schedule for this purpose."

"I have not come on official business," says the Cherub.

"Ah. So bothering me is a hobby of yours. I'm told everyone needs hobbies, and I intend to take up a few when I have time. Right now, however, I'm busy, so I'd like to ask that you try something else to occupy your free time. I've heard that watercolors are soothing."

He pads up beside my desk. Corporeally, I'd find him intimidating; here, he's only an irritation, especially if he doesn't have the weight of Judgment behind him. "I would like to speak with you," he says.

I've already sent one reliever away with a note about not having time to speak with that Malakite. One would think that, having been separated as a triad, Kai's friends would find better things to do than poke at me. "And I would like to get this report written, so it looks like only one of us can be accommodated. Since the office is mine, I'm guessing that would be me."

"Please," he says.

I can't tell from his face what he wants; Cherubim are harder to read than Djinn, despite being more emotive. "Fine," I say. I flick the switch that closes the door to the office; they made me start taking scheduled breaks, so I installed the system on the door during the last one, to stave off boredom. Whatever he wants to say to me, I'd rather it be private."What do you want?"

I should have known better than to read it in his eyes. I'm accustomed to seeing Needs I can't fulfill, wouldn't want to if I could. Working beside demons meant a constant stream of people wanting to show me up, take credit for my work, climb a little higher at my expense. All those things are useful information, nothing more, and I never took them personally. When I looked at him, I'd expected to see something impersonally hostile. He doesn't like me, fine. If everyone in Heaven got along with everyone else, Kai wouldn't be able to bitch about Heavenly politics.

In Hell, acknowledging what you've read can get a nasty response; demons don't like anyone seeing inside their heads, especially when you discover a Need they didn't want to admit to. In Heaven... nobody is going to get violent, but I'd just as soon skip the emotional response. So I'll let him talk without answering the question myself. Now I'm curious about how he intends to get there; not being able to lie in Heaven makes for creative conversational loops.

The silence stretches out, and I begin to wonder if he was sent in here to apologize to me. He certainly isn't asking for anything. "I have better things to do with my time than wait for you to speak, Dedan."

"Quite right." He takes up half the floor of my office when he sits down. "I would like to ask you for a favor, Maha -- Mannie."

More to the point than I'd expected. "Contact information for Kai." He blinks, and I smile slightly. "I saw what you wanted when you walked in. I was wondering how long it would take you to, ah, get to the point."

"Oh." His shoulders shift, as he realizes how close he is to being hooked. "I can offer--"

"Stop. Right there." It should only be amusing that he does stop, wait for me, and it's... not. I have worked for centuries to acquire power, and suddenly I find myself disliking it when it's offered. I do not want him waiting on my words the way he does right now. "I don't want anything in trade. You want a fair trade, go speak to someone who works for Marc. But I want to know two things. First, why can't you get this information yourself?"

"I am no longer assigned to a triad that watches that Ofanite," Dedan says. "Such information is reserved for those who have official business with it." He looks away from me. "And you would like to know why you ought to give it to me, if they will not."

"Not really. The doings of Judgment aren't my concern. I want to know why you want the information."

His teeth flash at me. "You know that."

"Do I? I'll grant that I'm arrogant, but I never considered myself to be all-knowing. I'd like to see if my conclusions are correct."

He shakes his mane the way Zif flicks her ears. Must remember to look up available information on Cherub body language. "He was safe," Dedan says, "before you arrived. His Role was minor enough to escape the notice of most demons, and when he encountered them, he had resources to draw on to survive. Nothing in his duties tempted him towards heresy or sin. He had... strange beliefs, regarding his Superior, but none that would cause him undue trouble."

"And then I was there, and your perfectly safe little Ofanite was running across the country looking for Eli." I think he's overestimated how content Kai was in his previous Role, but then, Dedan wasn't there to see the way Kai watched phones when he thought no one could see.

"You put him in danger. You gave him false hope. You brought him to the attention of the Game, and then gave them reason to hurt him. Now you've sent him back to Earth to do your work." I take back what I thought about not finding Dedan intimidating while in Heaven. I can feel the guilt descending on me, and why shouldn't I let it? Ever part of it deserved. "You took him away where I couldn't help him, and now they won't let me help him. All because of you."

"I know why you're angry at me," I say. "And you're correct from the first to the last. I wouldn't be here, and Kai would still be in his same old Role doing what his Boss told him to, if Jack hadn't decided to call him, that night." What would I have known, if I'd passed him on the street and seen in his eyes how much he needed that one person to call?

"I've answered your questions," Dedan says.

"No. You've answered one. You still haven't told me why you want the information."

He goes so quiet I'm not sure if he's going to answer the question at all. I turn back to my desk, write three more paragraphs before he speaks up again.

"Is it wrong that I care?"

"You're a Cherub, Dedan. Caring is what you do. I try not to hold it against you, though I'll tell you that's difficult at times." I abandon the report to face him again. "Zif tells me that I ought to learn to view situations from more than one perspective. So, viewing circumstances from your perspective? I would be angry at someone who'd done what I did."

"I only wished to protect him. Is it not the duty of Judgment to keep angels free from heresy and sin?"

"Don't ask me about what Judgment's responsible for. My views on the matter are still, ah, informed by old propaganda." I print out Kai's address, phone number, and Role name on a piece of paper. "Here. Please don't do anything stupid with this. I'd rather not have more grumpy Judges sitting in my office keeping me from my work."

He takes the paper. Peers at me suspiciously. "And why would you give me this information, for nothing?"

"Because I'm a Gifter, now, and it seems to go with the job description. Because it will send you out of my office so that I can get back to work. Because I remember the way Kai ran to greet you, the first time I saw you." I shrug. "Choose the one you like the most."

"I... still do not like you," Dedan says. "But thank you."

"You're welcome," I say. "Don't you dare hurt him, or I'll have to hurt you."

He shuts the door behind him when he goes. I leave it that way. I'm never going to get this report done if people keep interrupting me.

The next time someone knocks, I'm nearly done with the report, ready to review it for omissions before sending it off to Gariel. "Come in."

Nosha enters, with Maharang fluttering along beside it. "It seems your reliever was locked out," the Elohite says, drifting over to the spare chair. "Perhaps you should install a doorbell?"

Maharang places the cup of coffee on my desk. "When I got back the door was closed," it explains, "and I didn't want to bother you, so I waited! And waited! And then I got bored and went somewhere else, but then I remembered and came back, and then I remembered I forgot the coffee, so I went and got that, and then I came back, and I waited, and then Nosha let me in. But I'm here!"

"So I see." It drops down onto my shoulder. "I'm sorry, Maharang. I didn't mean to keep you waiting outside for so long." Perhaps I ought to install some sort of reliever-flap.

"Not a problem! I'm good at the waiting!" It sits very still, presumably to demonstrate.

Nosha lounges in a way Elohim usually don't. "How's the report going?"

"Reasonably. I would be done by now, if people didn't keep interrupting me. And your end of things?"

"Not as well as I would like. Investigating any company based in Los Angeles is..." He shrugs. "Challenging. Though the business card we received a picture of did assist. Disassembling this nascent bit of technology will be difficult. I expect it will get noisy by the end."

"And I thought Technology wasn't well-suited to subtle. Never had a patch on Lightning's idea of a raid."

"There's something to be said for being able to hit hard and fast," Nosha says.

"Indeed. But I don't think you came here for idle chatter, did you?"

"Not quite." Nosha puts one arm behind its head, stretched out on the chair. "I wanted to let you know that you're doing good work. When you were first assigned to this particular department, I assumed that you would perform at sub-standard rates for an initial period of adjustment. I was wrong."

"Thank you." I run my report through a summary program to check for gaps. "And you came all the way over here just to say that?"

"Largely, yes. I enjoy working with you. I thought you ought to know that."

That's enough to make me turn and look at the Elohite. It returns a zen look I'm accustomed to seeing on Zif. "So the way that I'm irritable, arrogant, and tend to underestimate the abilities of others--"

"Doesn't bother me. I wouldn't let it affect my interactions with you or my work either way, but, no, I don't mind."

"So why are you taking the time to come and say this to me?"

"Do you want me to sound more Elohite?" It smiles at me. "According to my assessment of the situation, you would benefit from hearing such things, all the more so here when you know I must be speaking the truth, and not only making these comments to prompt some behavior on your part." It tilts a hand in the air. "I have some experience with the position you are in now. While empathy does not drive my actions, experience does provide additional points of reference."

"I would not have thought you..." I'm not sure how to finish the sentence.

"Once an Elohite of Knowledge. When Raphael died, I became unduly emotional." It can speak so calmly about such things; I can't imagine I would ever be able to stay so controlled if something happened to Jean. I can't even think about the possibility without feeling strange inside. "I was very angry for a time."

"Who did you serve, then?" The question is probably impolite.

"Saminga. If she were not alive, I didn't want anyone else to be either, you see. I was quite irrational. It took me a long time to return home."

"And yet... you did."

"I did. It was awful to return and know in full that still, she was not here. And yet it was more wonderful than ever to be here, for knowing where I had been before." It sits up straight, hands folded in its lap. "And to meet those who I had worked alongside in her service, who had remained faithful all along? That was one of the hardest things to deal with. Some of them still cannot forgive me for my betrayal of what I should have been all along. So you see, if you are arrogant or hasty, I find it no trouble to work beside you. You interact with me as well as with anyone else."

"I could hardly hold that against you--"

"Couldn't you? You had no choice in being made a demon, but I was given the gift of this nature, and chose to Fall. By many accounts, you've done better than I have."

Maharang sits very quietly on my shoulder. I wonder what it thinks of what it hears. "Why do you tell me all of this now?"

"Because, by my estimation, you'll work better with me when you feel you know me more, and you'll be less self-conscious about your position knowing that you're not the only one here in a similar situation." Nosha finally rises from the chair. "Thank you for your time. I won't keep you any longer."

"Thank you for coming here. I... appreciate it." Though I may spend some time twitching once the Elohite is gone. There's something unsettling in being reminded that Archangels can die.

Nosha nods politely to me, and leaves. It has as much work to do as I do, if not more.

"Am I?" asks Maharang, the moment that door is closed.

"Are you what?" I ask, searching back through the conversation for what it might be referring to. Nothing springs to mind.

"Your reliever. It said, quote, it seems your reliever was locked out, unquote. Am I your reliever?"

I pluck Maharang off my shoulder. Such a tiny thing, that it can sit in my two hands staring up at me. All the conversation about Falling and redemption don't seem to have made as much of an impact as that first sentence. "You don't need to belong to anyone. You have plenty of time yet to grow up and figure out what you want to be."

"But I want to belong to someone. The way you belong to your Archangel. All the real angels do!"

"That's not quite the same thing."

"Still." It screws up its face in what I've come to recognize as its stubborn expression. "I want to."

"So long as you want to keep delivering notes for me and fetching coffee, I'll let you. But you can leave whenever you'd like."

"Okay!" It sits on my shoulder quietly while I finish up and send off the report.

The return note from Gariel comes so quickly he can't have read the report. More break time until the next meeting; why do people insist Lightning is full of workaholics? I can seldom work for twelve hours straight without being interrupted or told to take a break. I draw up a quick design for a reliever-sized flap to install in the door of my office, send Maharang off with a list of materials to gather for the project, and head out.

My first stop is at the Tesla coils, marvelous arcing electricity crackling overhead. I could take all the break I need, standing here. But it wouldn't do to upset those who work about this room, so I move on after a few minutes.

Next, the coffee shop where the Seraph behind the counter has identified my favorite flavor and will have it ready by the time I reach the counter. Maharang will have no trouble finding me if anyone needs to send a message, and Gariel can call. The Halls of Progress give way to gravel paths through the grass. I believe I could leave the Halls from the same doorway and walk in a straight line to any Cathedral in Heaven, if I knew how to navigate this place. There may be locked doors, places where the inhabitants would be unfriendly to strangers, but I've not yet encountered a border check.

In the coffee shop, a good quarter of the room is taken up with Malakim sprawling about on couches. I get my coffee from the far end of the counter. This might be a good day to get my caffeine hit while walking somewhere else.

"Hey, Mannie!" One arm hooks around mine to drag me over straight into the group of Malakim. I nearly drop my mug. "Come sit over here."

There aren't many Bright Lilim stuck in Heaven, and I've met about half of them. "Cory, I was going to go walking--"

"No, you don't want to do that." She drags me down onto a couch. "Everyone, this is Mannie, a new Sparky. Mannie, this is... well, everyone."

I am surrounded by Malakim. Of... War, by the look of it.

"...er. Hello."

The looks I get say that they're pinging my honor, and not always coming away satisfied. Nonetheless, Cory's vouching for me seems to content them well enough that no one chooses to make an issue of what I've been doing before I got here.

They're in the middle of swapping demon-hunting stories; one Malakite, who paused when Cory brought me in, picks back up with an account of how she used a motorcycle to take out a Calabite. "The bike got so gunked up with blood and guts," explains the Malakite brightly, "it wouldn't run by the time I was done with the Calabite. So when I caught up with the Liar, I picked the bike up and hit her with it. Worked better than I expected. As weapons go a motorcycle isn't well-balanced, but there are plenty of spiky parts, and serious weight to work."

"Never hit a demon with a motorcycle," says another Malakite, over the top of a coffee drink covered in whipped cream. "Did hit a Mercurian of Judgment with a car once." She slurps up the whipped cream. "Even apologized later. Don't know why he was so huffy. You'd think I'd meant to do it."

"Did you?" asks Cory.

"Wasn't aiming for him, if that's what you mean." She grins through bits of whipped cream spotting his face. "Wasn't trying very hard to miss, either."

I drink my coffee quietly and wish for my phone to ring.

Half an hour later, the ring gives me an excuse to stand up and move away. "Hello?"

"Conference room, ten minutes." Gariel hangs up promptly. About time.

"I need to go," I tell Cory, backing away slowly from the group of Malakim. Try not to show any fear or make sudden movements...

"I'll walk you back," she says, with a quick farewell wave to her friends. "I wanted to talk with you anyway."

"...ah?" It's ridiculous for me to find Bright Lilim unnerving. Nonetheless, there it is.

"Okay, so you know that we try to get together once in a while, right?" Her strides are wider than mine, for all that I'm several centimeters taller.

"I'd gathered that, yes."

"Right. Well, you've seen what happens when Daane puts together the meeting. She's nice, can do some lovely moves with a sword, but doesn't really know how to party, right? It's better when Lin sets things up, but still. Anyway, this time around it's my turn to work things out, and I wanted to make sure you'd be free for the time, before I start seriously planning. Do you have anything scheduled for, say, a week from now? I figure we can start noon Zulu time, set aside a few good hours for the fun."

"No, I didn't have anything planned then." And it wouldn't hurt to speak with other Bright Lilim more often.

"Great! I'll send you details once I have more worked out. It's going to be a great party. More upbeat than sitting around in a room with tea." She slaps me on the back. "And I'll make sure to bring enough Malakim for everyone."

"...wait, what?" I catch up with her three steps away. "Cory--"

"And if you want to bring a friend, go ahead. Plenty of time for personal stuff, so let's take the opportunity to have real party, right?"

"I mean, about the Malakim--"

"Don't worry about it! Hey, you'd better get going, if that was someone important calling." She winks at me. "Or just someone special. Have fun."

There is nothing I can possibly say to that.

I'm the last to arrive at the conference room. Teresa passes me a folder as I sit down. I skim the data while Nosha summarizes its findings about the company in Los Angeles doing the hardware.

Nosha finishes, sits. Gariel looks to me. "The software?"

"Already problematic, and they'll have a hard time correcting for it. In theory, it ought to be feeding emotions directly into the subject's brain. If it were working as the design specs called for, this would allow them to project mild emotional responses to anyone within range -- as Nosha mentioned, this would be close range, probably a headset of some sort, or a type of, ah, speakers -- based on a simple set of variables." I flip to the page in the folder with my annotation of the devices Gamma and Strange recovered from the laboratory before it went up in flames. "In practice, the software isn't up to the task of correcting for the variations in brain chemistry, especially the ones that show up in individuals over a period of time. They've been getting unreliable results even when working from an extremely, ah, controlled test group. You can see where they were adding to the basic hardware for better results, but those adjustments are hardly supportable in a commercial application."

"Untenable?" Gariel asks.

"At the moment, yes. However, with a few hardware corrections, they could have eliminated half the bugs they were running into, and simplified the resolution of the remaining problems. Computer-obsessive types always do focus on the software, until they can't see how much the hardware they're working on makes a difference. While the original execution was superficially clever, the person who developed that piece of equipment didn't have much depth in the design. It's full of inefficiencies and over-complicated processes that must have been adding to the flaws in their results. Give me a month and a full lab and I could have this working properly."

They're looking at me in a manner that indicates I've gone a little too Vapulan around the edges again. I close the folder. "...theoretically speaking." That doesn't seem to help. "My point is, if they dredge up the hardware and put someone competent on the project, taking out the software development will only delay the development, not halt it. I don't know what sort of backups they had for the data from that lab; it depends on how important their, ah, Superior considered the project, and how paranoid the demon in charge was. But even if we work on the assumption that all data from that lab has been destroyed, it won't be enough."

Gariel nods, turns to the Mercurian. "Teresa?"

"Most of what I've been able to recover from the data in the marketing office shows nothing but plans for a standard ad campaign. But there was something more long-term in the works. Unfortunately, because those plans are long-term, I'm not pulling any significant details from this information." She taps her fingers on the table, an irritating little rhythm. "There's no reason to care about plans for the usual round of marketing. Whatever the long-term plan was, though, we want to know more about that."

Nosha tilts its head to the side. "Long-term, marketing... I would guess that those plans involved using the effects of these devices for some sort of advertisement purposes."

"Pop-up ads suddenly aren't so annoying if they give you a warm fuzzy feeling when they appear? It's what I would do," I say. "And nobody leaves during the commercials on TV, if every one of them makes you feel. Though the effect would be reduced from overuse over time. Unless they keep cranking up the power. No wonder Media's lending a hand. I expect they're planning on getting more involved once the technology is further spread."

"Computers, or television?" Teresa asks. "That would make a difference."

"Computers," I say. It only goes to prove my point that you can't trust those infernal machines. "A television set can last for decades, and people seldom buy upgrades. It would be much easier to package as an add-on for computers. Hook the early adopters, they spread the word to people who upgrade regularly, and in a year's time you can't buy a computer without that functionality built in."

"Promoting that would be difficult," Nosha says. "Would people want their emotions controlled by a device?"

"They already pay for the movies and games to keep them entertained. Push it the right way, and it's the equivalent of switching from black and white to full color, or 16 colors to 32-bit color. A way to enhance your entertainment experience. They'll be lining up at midnight to buy the games released to take advantage of the technology."

"So we need to squash this in every possible direction." Teresa presses her lips together. "Word will spread about the lab sooner than we'd like. We need to move quickly before others start going to ground."

"Agreed," says Nosha. "I will continue to investigate what we might do about the hardware construction, though attacking that directly would be difficult. In the meantime, we ought to have Kai collect as much data from the computers in the office where she works, and then withdraw from the situation before it becomes dangerous."

"The Lilim and human working on the hardware end are in town," Teresa says. "We could take out both demons before those two retun to Los Angeles, and pull the data as convenient."

"Data first, and then an attack," says Nosha. "Too many things can go wrong in an assault to count on that, and a simple hard-drive copy may save us trouble in the long run."

"I believe Nosha is correct," I say, before Teresa can push for a full-frontal assault that Kai would be caught up in. "There's too much risk of losing data we need. And what are we going to do about the human? From all I've heard, I'm not certain he's even Hellsworn."

"It depends on how closely he's tied to the hardware creation," Nosha says. "If the Lilim has done all the design, only using him for a front, we may only need to destroy his company to prevent him from pursuing any of those ideas. If he's been intimately involved in the process, or actually came up with the hardware himself, we may be forced to kill him." Teresa frowns at the Elohite. "This is, of course, a sub-optimal resolution. But we ought to be aware of the possibility."

Gariel stretches one wing out, then pulls it neatly back in. "A good plan," he says. "See to it."

"So sometimes when someone is charming--"

"They're really charming you, right." I've managed to produce drinkable tea for the first time in years, largely because Sharon helped me. It sloshes in the mug as I pace around the living room. "And, wham, no more Essence for you."

"Huh. And I thought I only had to worry about the sucky customers." Sharon frowns from where she's sitting on the one chair of the apartment. "Now I have to worry about the nice ones?"

"Not necessarily, no. Compared to the number of humans out there, angels and demons both are rare. It's only that we tend to run into each other a lot, for obvious reasons."

"Right. Because of, um." She snaps her fingers. "Dissonance?"

"Not quite. Disturbance. Dissonance is--"

"When a celestial does something contrary to their nature or their Superior's, um, Word. Right. You know, this would be much easier to track if you'd let me take notes."

I finish off my tea, set the mug on the desk, and drop into a handstand. "Sorry, but people are already going to be annoyed that you know about these things without a lot more vetting. If you start writing things down, the next triad that comes to see me is going to have a fit."

"It wasn't your fault I decided to follow along. I don't know what I was thinking." Sharon draws invisible pictures on the desk with one finger. "It's still hard to believe."

"Angels, demons, and an invisible war?" Walking on my hands is trickier in this vessel, but I'm getting the hang of it.

"And that I'd be involved. I'm not the sort of person who gets caught up in exciting things. I have a boring, prosaic life." She stands up; apparently the pacing is contagious. "Yesterday at work, someone threw a hamburger at me. Why? Because there were pickles on the burger, and she didn't want pickles. Had she asked to have it made without pickles? No. Was I the one who took the order? No. Did I make the burger? No. Did I offer to make her a new one without pickles? Yes. But she still threw it in my face. And what did I do? Got my manager to come to the front, where he apologized to her for the mistake, gave her a new hamburger, plus coupons for free ones next time. That's the kind of life I have. Not the kind where I end up shooting tentacled demons and then running from the police."

I flip to my feet. "It's not all action and excitement on this side, either. I spent decades as a ballet instructor, and then as an assistant instructor when I had to retire my first Role and come back as someone new. Sure, there were days when I was off tracking down a bit of nefarious activity or tangling with demons, but most of the time I was just teaching ballet. That's what my Boss sent me to Earth to do." I grin at her. "But if you really want the action and excitement, I'll introduce you to someone from another Word. Wind, Sword, War... They get involved in serious smiting."

"Oh, no. Excitement from night before last was enough to keep me happy for the rest of my life. I'll help the side of, um, ultimate good, but I'd rather not go through any of that again."

"Fair enough. We'll work something out. Mind, that could turn out to be 'Just keep doing what you're doing right now, and we'll let you know if we need anything.'" There's a short, sharp knock at the door. "Huh. I wasn't expecting anyone. Usually the triads only show once a week." I pull the door open. "Dedan! It's good to see you. What's up?"

"We need to talk," he says, stepping inside. He pauses, seeing Sharon. "If you would excuse us..."

Sharon nods. "Official business, all that. I need to catch a bus in twenty minutes." And no fuss about stepping out, which comes as a relief. She's taking this much better than I'd feared. With any luck, she'll end up a Soldier of God, and I think she'll do well at it.

As soon as the door closes behind her, I dart in to hug Dedan. "I have missed you so much. Haven't seen you since, well, since I was wearing a different vessel. What have you been up to? How are Adala and Nomikos?"

He pats my shoulder, his usual response to a hug when he's concerned about something. If he were in a better mood, he'd only stand there awkwardly until I let go. "They're fine, Kai. We're not working together as a triad anymore, so I don't see them often."

"Yeah, Nomikos said you were doing different things now. What happened?" He hesitates to answer. "Oh, right. Official Judgment stuff, classified, so on and so forth. Forget I asked. But I'm glad you're here." I step away before he has to go all Judgment and pull away himself. It doesn't seem fair that they should have to be reserved, but someone needs to be proper, right? I wonder if Judgment Servitors get together in private parties and let loose, to relieve some of the stress of going poker-spine for days on end. It seems unlikely, but if they did, it's not like they'd tell anyone. "In any case, I'm glad you're here."

He pats me on the shoulder again. So very much a Judge. "How has your job been progressing?"

"So-so. I've been getting information to Lightning like I'm supposed to, some of it even useful, but it's hard to do a desk job. Right now I'm trying to resist temptation like I should because the Lilim who's visiting is someone I have a personal grudge against, and that's not easy either. At least the job isn't going to last much longer. I hope."

Dedan nods, and takes a seat at my desk. "Is that all, then?"

"Um. Not quite." If he'd just move the chair out into the center of the room, I could pace around him. I settle for an arc from one side of him to the other. "Night before last, two demons got really noisy, and I ran over there to do something about it, but, well, I didn't do as well as I should have, Dedan. I screwed up. I didn't save the mortal they'd attacked, I didn't keep the apartment from being set on fire, I barely even managed to call 911. The only reason I got out of there was because Sharon followed me and shot the last demon when he was kicking my ass." I probably ought to mention Cat, but he hasn't asked, and I like the little dreamling. Judgment, for all that they're good people, does get unreasonable about ethereals on Earth.

"Sharon?"

"The human who was just here. She's great! Still kinda shook up about the whole thing, but willing to help out as she can. I'm trying to give her a basic grounding in what's going on."

"You think this is wise?"

"I didn't have much of a choice, Dedan. The demon she shot was going all Numinous Corpus on me. It was either that or try to come up with a story about alien invaders, and I'm not that great at on-the-spot lying. I can manage better when I know the steps to the dance I'm supposed to be performing."

"You did fine, Kai. These things happen. Just make sure you let the appropriate authorities know about her."

"I didn't do so fine last night, though." At least I can tell this to someone I know, instead of strangers. It's easier this way. I find myself pacing with my back to him, a bad sign. "So, you know the demon I'm being employed by at the moment is an Impudite, right?"

"I hadn't heard that."

"Yeah, well. Impudite. I've been underestimating them, I guess. Because usually they're doing subtle stuff, and I'm more used to the smack and whack approach to demons, right? So most of the time running into an Impudite, maybe one of Death aside, means it's easier to take care of than usual, once I get them alone. But. Um." I spin on one foot until I can continue. "I was over at his house to see what I could get from the paperwork there, and..." Even pacing is not making this any easier to talk about. "Bastard managed to Charm me. Standard Charm and drain, and I liked it. At the time. And he." I don't know what to say here. I need a fast car, to finish this conversation.

"What happened, Kai?" The voice he would use when I was trying to explain to my triad before why I couldn't go in service to anyone else.

"Nothing... much. Not much. But." I need a way to run. These walls are too close. "I'm glad the second time he tried to Charm it didn't work, because... I don't know what would have happened. I don't know. I should have known better than to end up alone in his house in the first place, but I thought I could shake off anything he threw at me." Deep breaths, Kai. I keep my feet moving in one of the more complicated patterns I know, of those that will fit in this space. "I hate it when they mess with my head, Dedan, I really do. I can deal with violence, I know how to deal with that, but I hate the stuff that gets into my head and makes me believe lies, or feel something wrong. He drained my Essence and I liked it." I stop in front of him, face him. I ought to face him. "Why can't I resist? I knew what was about to happen, I tried to not let it happen, and still, I ended up standing there thinking he was my best friend. What am I supposed to do?"

"The best you can, Kai." He stands to give me one of his stiff, awkward hugs. It's not who I wanted to tell this to, but he's perfectly serviceable to cling to. "You do the best you can."

"I'm never sure if I'm doing the right thing these days, Dedan. I'm not smart enough to figure it out myself, and I don't know who to ask. The Boss would be able to tell me, but he's not here. It keeps getting harder and harder, the farther I get from where he left me." I did not mean to be holding so tightly to him, not to someone who, friend or no, works for Judgment and isn't so much into emotional displays. I wish Mannie were here. I think he'd understand.

Dedan lets me stay there until I finally take a step back, and wipe my nose. Vessels are keen, but they can get inconvenient in how well they imitate body functions that I don't need to worry about in celform. "Sorry," I say. "I'm fine, generally. I can manage. Didn't mean to sniffle all over you."

"Don't worry about it." He's going to recommend the service of another Archangel again, someone who'll give me regular assignments, or tell me to stick with Lightning a while longer. But he only says, "You're trying to do what you ought. No one could ask more of you."

I peer up at him. Why do all my friends have taller vessels than I do? I like wearing a body compact enough to get through tight spaces as needed, but I'm always staring up at people. "You don't sound very Judge-like, today. Is something up?"

"Nothing you need to worry about."

"If you say so." I step back, and do a neat pirouette in front of him. "Sorry to mope all over you. It's been one of those weeks. I'll be much better once I get back to my old job and start sorting out that mess. What do you think of the new body? I was afraid a vessel from Lightning would mean I was getting something inappropriate for dancing, but of course Jean knew what he was doing. And people react a little differently to me when I'm female from when they can't figure out which gender I am. Always liked the androgynous look, but I can work with this."

"It's a suitable vessel."

I think that's his equivalent of a compliment, so I take it as one, and dip him a bow. "So what did you come to talk about? If you have more questions, I already called in to work and said I wouldn't be there until half past noon. Plenty of time to talk."

"No," says Dedan, "no more questions. I only wanted to... see that you were safe."

"I don't know why people keep worrying about me. This job may be annoying, but it's not dangerous. I mean, the closest I got to being seriously hurt had nothing to do with the assignment. I can take care of myself, Dedan." I can't help being annoyed. "You and Mannie. Acting like I'm a reliever. I've done work down here for decades, and gotten by. Don't stress over it, okay?"

"I'll try not to." He moves to the door. "Nonetheless. Be careful."

"As careful as always."

Alone in the apartment again, walls so close I could scream, but... people care. It's nice to know that people care.

Sharon must already be off on her bus. I pace my favorite pattern through the apartment, and try to figure out what to do for the next two hours until it's time to leave for work. I could try to follow Sharon's instructions for making tea, but I'd probably get distracted halfway through and end up wiping out another pot. What do Judgment Servitors do when they get bored? Debate the conclusions of old famous trials, attend lectures, develop new forms of paperwork, party wildly in dull little conference rooms? Maybe they never get bored, or at least never run out of work to do.

A ringing phone: my savior. And just who I wanted to see, listed as the caller. "Hey, Mannie. Anything new turn up? Please tell me this job is wrapping up soon. I swear, I'd be willing to do another stint for Lightning just to get out of this place."

"In that case, you'll be happy to hear that you should be able to leave today."

"Really?" I drop the phone in the middle of handspring, grab it before hits the floor. "That's great. What's left for me to do before I can leave?"

"We need a complete copy of the demon's hard drive. It shouldn't be difficult, if you can get into the room alone for five minutes. Open the window, hook up your phone, and a Kyriotate will fly in to take over the computer. It can get all the contents of the hard drive onto your phone within minutes. After that all you need to do is find an excuse to leave, and take the phone with you. Once you're a few blocks away, call back. We can take it from there."

"Wait, I'm going to miss out on all the action, after days of playing secretary? That's so unfair. I should get to hit someone."

"I understand that, Kai, but this operation belongs to Lightning. We'll have it in hand."

"Come on, Mannie, we're talking about two demons I have personal reasons to dislike. I don't get to do anything creative?"

"No. Get the data, get out of the way. That's all."

"Mannie--"

"Kai, you remember what that Lilim did to Kelly, didn't you? I'd rather not have you in that situation."

The look on her face when I -- no. I don't want to do that again. "Okay, fine. Open the window, Kyrio sucks the data to my phone, exit stage left, give you a call. That's it?"

"That's it. Why don't you head back to the Lighting Tether once you're done here? It's more secure to pass the phone over for a data dump than to transfer the files from another computer."

"Okay. I can ditch the car they gave me back there, and let them figure out who to fob it off on next." The circuit through the apartment isn't so dull with him on the line. "Would you mind tossing a message in the general direction of the Windies, to see if Jack would stop by some time today or tomorrow? If he's close enough to make it, but I'd be disappointed if he couldn't find a way to make it there in that time, knowing him."

"I can send on the request." The distant chipper voice of little Maharang behind him, agreeing to carry the message off towards the Groves. I have become ridiculously fond of listening to Mannie's pens scratch away at paper, over the phone. "Be careful, Kai."

I roll my eyes, even if he can't see it. "You've given me the easiest job known to man or God, told me to stay out of all the interesting bits, and now you want me to be careful? Stop worrying, Mannie. I am not incompetent."

"I'm sorry; I shouldn't have implied otherwise."

"Nah, it's okay. Everyone gets to be a little unreasonable about their friends. But do yourself a favor and remember I've been around a while. Besides, if anything comes up, I'll call."

"Understood. Good luck." Leaving me alone again.

Two hours having been ruthlessly killed by packing everything interesting from the apartment, I coax my dreadful little car to a parking spot three blocks away from the office. Up to the thirteenth floor by the stairs; I am not in the mood for an elevator today.

In the outer office, two of my least favorite people ever look up as I walk in. I hadn't expected they'd be out in this room. "Afternoon, sweetheart," says Candi. "Something come up? I thought I'd see you here this morning."

"Dentist's appointment." Chad's bothering to look faintly guilty. Go figure. "I hope there wasn't anything you needed from me while I was out?" I thought I could manage being back in this office with the two of them, but now I'm not sure I can. I need them out of sight, somewhere that I won't have to keep thinking about what I'm not allowed to do.

"Nothing important," Chad says. He manages to put his confident smile back on. "Or at least, nothing you need to worry about, Megs. The files you'll want to look at are on your desk. Think you can get through those by the end of the day?"

"I'll give it a shot." I don't have the control to pretend enthusiasm right now. The best I can manage is a veneer of civility. I'm going to be gone by the end of the day if I have to shove people out the window to get time alone in that office.

"We were just about to head out to lunch," Chad says. "The files can wait--"

"Oh, let's give her time to catch up," says Candi, with an unpleasantly sweet smile in my direction. She wraps one arm around Ed's. "We can get confidential business out of the way without causing any little fuss."

The Impudite hesitates. And what is he going to say, at this point? "Of course." He turns away from me. "I'm sure you can hold down the fort while we're gone, Megs. Let me know if anyone important calls."

"Sure thing, Chad."

I count to ten after the door closes, then walk into Chad's office. He hasn't even locked the door. I close that door behind me, and slide open the window to the outside. All it looks out to is a back alley and the building across that gap. No sign of a Kyrio, so I lean out the window. "Here, Domination Domination Domination..."

A pigeon swoops down to perch on the windowsill, and turns one black eye up towards me, like a tiny plastic button. "About time," I say. "How long is this going to take?"

The pigeon hops over onto the keyboard of Chad's computer. A moment later, a text window opens, and begins scrolling out words.

Plug in the phone, you idiot.

"Oh. Right." I fish out the bit of cord from my pockets, and go searching at the back of the CPU for a place to plug it in. "You know, this sort of thing isn't what I usually do. I'm more used to, well, straightforward stuff. None of this sneaking around." I stand back up. "You know, long-term Roles."

So I can see. Since I don't need to decrypt anything, this should only take five minutes. It would be faster if the demon ever bothered to upgrade anything. Don't Media and Technology work closely enough to get this computer some decent RAM?

"Don't ask me. I don't do computers." I search through Chad's desk drawers for anything interesting. Nothing more personal than receipts for restaurant meals. He never did strike me as the sentimental sort. "I'm a little confused that they didn't give this job to you in the first place. You seem to know the area."

I have better things to do with my time than play secretary to a demon.

"You and me both." I shut the last drawer, and go back to looking out the window. "It's a good thing this building is so old. You can't even open most of the windows in the new buildings. Safety glass, sheer sides, nothing that opens to the outside. The designs are pretty on the exterior, but it lacks a certain something. Too disconnected from the rest of the world."

That's Technology for you. All glitz, no reality check in sight.

"Maybe so. I don't think it's a lost cause. You can do marvelous things with green glass. And there's room for different styles. No reason you can't have sleek shiny buildings and comfortable brick ones too."

I don't do architecture, Wheel. I do computers. You'll have to debate the merits of high-rise design with someone else.

"Gotcha." I sit on the windowsill, put one hand one each side of the window frame, and lean back until I'm staring up at the sky. "I can understand the need for shelter. I can even get, with Theft running around, needing to keep possessions contained. And you can do lovely things with buildings. But you'd think people would want to spend more of their time seeing the rest of the world, if they could get away with it."

The computer chimes. I slide back to the ground. "Done?"

Complete copy of the hard drive, yes. I'll have to warn people not to run it on any machine hooked up to a network; VapuTech is the only possible explanation for some of the programs on there. I can fly in with something stronger than a pigeon to take the phone.

"No, I'd rather hang onto it. I'm supposed to call when I get out of here." I drop the phone back into the pocket of my jeans. "Thanks for the help."

You're welcome. But the next time you decide to tangle with demons like you did the other night, try to do it either more cleanly or outside of my territory, okay? That was a nightmare to clean up.

"Sorry about that..." Quite a mess for me to make without even managing to save anyone.

Eh. Be more careful, that's all I ask. Even Kyriotates can only be in so many places at once. The text file closes itself without saving, and the pigeon, which has been nosing about through Chad's pencil holder, spreads its wings, flies away without another word.

Not that pigeons can talk. Yet another reason I'm glad I never tried to fledge Kyriotate. I considered it when I was seven Forces or so, and starting to give the matter real thought between games of tag and running errands, because that's another way to see everything in a short period of time: be lots of places at once. But having a bunch of bodies I couldn't talk with would drive me nearly as crazy as standing around inside this office much longer. I slide the window shut, latch it again, and head back towards the door.

Voices outside in the office. They can't be back from lunch already, but -- that was a door I heard opening, and I can make out enough voices to tell Candi and Chad are the ones talking. If Ed's with him, he's mumbling too low for me to hear. Can't make out words, but maybe they're just getting something from the outer office--

The door opens, and I'm standing here with no explanation coming to mind.

Candi stops in the doorway. "Sweetheart," she says, "what are you doing in there?"

Too late to remember not to meet her gaze. "I needed another pencil. Mine broke." Oh, that's a great one; maybe next I can try to convince them that I'll be right back if they'd let me run to the restroom for a minute. I take a few steps backward as she moves into the doorway. I could run around -- no, Chad's right behind her, and Ed, with his usual befuddled air. They wouldn't get too nasty in front of a human they need, right? Unless he's Hellsworn already.

"I don't think so." She takes her time moving forward. I move backwards around the desk, towards the window. Where's a nosy Kyriotate when you need one? If it's still watching, that would be... convenient. Very convenient. "Tell me, Megan, who are you working for?"

"Um. The temp agency sent me here..."

"Sweetheart, I'm not stupid." The way she moves towards me, I can imagine a tiger's tail swishing behind her. Ed trails behind, not looking as confused by this as I'd like. He's still keeping his eyes on his shoes. "But if you tell us who asked you to snoop around, maybe we can work out a deal." Acid on her lips. "And if you don't want to make a deal, then this gets unpleasant. We don't want that, do we?"

Speak for yourself. I keep my hands behind my back, make a few small, frantic gestures towards the window, and hope that Kyrio is watching. I could probably take on any one of them; with Chad and Candi both here, and Ed an unknown quantity, fighting all three would end with me trying to explain to Jean how I managed to lose the vessel he gave me and the data I was supposed to gather. Not a conversation I want to have. Besides, Mannie might do something stupid if I end up in Trauma again. "I don't know what you're talking about, Ms. Smith."

"You're not being very cooperative, sweetheart. Why don't you take a few minutes to consider what could happen if you don't change your mind?" She motions to the two men behind her. "Ed, baby, want to demonstrate?"

Did not expect those two hands wrapped around my throat, not while I'm caught in fight-or-flight indecision. "Don't like snoops," Ed mumbles. My feet can't touch the floor, I do not like being out of contact with any way to run, stupid stupid stupid I should have bolted the moment the door opened before they knew what was going on, could have outrun them when I can't outfight them. And it's unfair to find myself against three demons when I expected two demons and a human. There's no way your average computer geek can hold me off the ground this easily. I can't even kick effectively from this angle.

"Candi--"

"Shut up, Chad. You already made the mistake of hiring her, so you can stay out of the way while we clean up your mess." The Lilim steps in closer. "Tell me, sweetheart, what would give to not have those hands around your cute little neck right now?"

I can't get the breath together to speak. Horribly inconvenient that vessels need air. I can get by just fine without food, sleep, water, why the need for air? Someone needs to look into the design parameters on these things. Can't pry Ed's hands loose, two demons waiting for me if I do. Right. Can't work through the problem. Will work around it. I stick a hand into my pocket, pull out a paperclip I untwisted into a nearly-straight line, and stick it into Ed's left eye.

While he's howling, pull it out, jab back into the left eye. The element of surprise is a beautiful thing when I can acquire it.

I expected a reaction. I was hoping he'd drop me. Instead he shoves me back as he lets go, and--

--okay, I can see the point in shatter-proof glass--

--damn that's a long way down--

Twist my body around mid-air. No time to think, grab, find purchase on a windowsill, don't know how far I've fallen, nasty jerk as all my weight slams down against the fingertip hold I have against rough cement. Up above someone is shouting, probably Chad. Broken glass has covered me in cuts, torn my clothes.

First things first. I scramble up onto the ledge. Yet another reason to prefer small vessels; less weight to haul around. Hands and knees on a ledge as narrow as any balance beam I've ever walked across, except most balance beams didn't have a rough wall to one side.

Up on my feet, I walk ever so carefully over to the corner, sidle around to the back of the building. They'll look down soon if they haven't already, don't want to be in direct line of sight. Here's the back of the building, overlooking an alleyway even narrower than the last. Smellier, too. I sit down very carefully on the ledge, and pull out my cell phone.

"You're out?"

"In a manner of speaking." No pigeons nearby pay attention. "You know how we thought Ed was a human?"

"...what kind of demon is he?"

"I don't know. Whichever kind can hold me up by the throat and then throw me through a window. In other words, any kind with enough Corporeal Forces. Hell, he could be a mummy for all I know."

"Unlikely, with the way Vapula and Saminga -- wait. Through a window?"

"I didn't hit the ground, if it makes you feel any better. And I'm glad for it; not sure how tough this vessel I got is, and I'd rather not find out by hitting the pavement thirteen floors down."

"Where are you now?" That's actual tapping in the background; he must be concerned if he's sending email instead of notes.

"Window ledge, a few stories down. I was hoping the Kyrio would be around, but none of the birds here are helping. What do I do now? I could take on any one of them, I think, but two would be hard, and three is right out. They might have read the disturbance of me going through that window as what you'd heard from injuring a human, but then again, they might not. I'm not sure if they know what I am or not, at this point." I lean over the edge to count the ledges below me. "Looks like I'm on, um, the fifth floor. I could do the drop without toasting the vessel if I were careful, but I'm not sure I could walk away from it. You'd think they'd have a fire escape somewhere on this building... I'll try another side."

I kinda expected he'd have interrupted by this point, though I wasn't listening too carefully, what with trying to get back to my feet without dropping the phone and all. "Mannie? A plan would be good, here."

"Right. Step by step. Do they know where you are?" His voice has gone nearly blank in how evenly he's speaking.

I glance up at the window ledges above. "I don't think specifically, but it won't take them long to figure it out."

"How far away is the roof, compared to the ground?"

"Twice as far."

"Head down to the ground, the fastest safe way you can. Get some place public, preferably open-air, stay on the line, and I'll send the Kyrio looking for you. More people will be coming, but it's going to take time. Don't lose the phone."

"Got it. I'll call back when my hands aren't busy." I stuff the phone back into my pocket, and climb down the wall. Aside from leaving bloody marks on the brick and some of the window ledges, it's not hard. Hands on the ledge, kick my feet towards the wall, drop down to the next story.

The ground in this alleyway not only reeks, it squishes. I regret my choice of footwear. I am never, ever taking a job that requires me to wear sandals, not ever again. I pull out the phone again as I step over things I don't even want to identify. "On the ground. Public place?"

"And quickly." Someone talking in the background, not anyone I recognize; I can't make out the words from here. "You will want to, ah, pass off the phone to the Kyrio as soon as it finds you, Kai. I would rather stay in contact--"

"But you need the data. Don't worry. I'll be fine." Phone back in the pocket, and I get to the edge of the alley, take a look around the side. I'm not sure how sneaking around is supposed to work; the closest I usually get is waiting for a particular person to pass by, and then jumping out from behind a bush with an appropriately themed weapon. Sometimes I jump out from behind other things than bushes, but the principle remains solid,. Sneaking around to run away from people is far more confusing.

Okay, no one on this side of the building. At least I'm not stepping through ick anymore. I control the need to run and walk quietly, carefully up to the corner where alley hits sidewalk. Careful look around, no one I know in sight.
?Caution isn't really my thing. I run down to the convenience store as fast as I can, skid to a jagged stop in front of the counter. "Could I use your bathroom?"

"Oh! What happened?" The woman reaches out towards me. "You are hurt?"

"It's not so bad as it looks, I only tripped on the stairs and caught my shirt on the railing. Could I step into your bathroom to clean up? I hate walking around like this, it's so embarrassing." I'm not doing a good job of lying, not when I have to make the script up as I go, but the woman leads me into the back with concerned noises over the blood and the rips in my clothing.

Inside the bathroom I wash off as much of the blood as I can, rearrange my shirt until the tears aren't obvious. Not much I can do about the pants, but the blood's drying quickly enough that scrubbing leaves the spots passable as coffee stains. I've gotten my clothes into worse shape before making coffee.

When I step back outside, the woman is still waiting there. "You are okay?"

"Yes, I'm fine, thank you very much. I appreciate this."

"I can call the police. You can tell them--"

"No, I just tripped. Thank you." I back out of the store giving her as many reassurances as I can convincingly produce. I don't think she believes me, but she's not trying to call the police.

Up and down the block, no sign of any of those three. That should make me feel better, but instead I have the twisty feeling in my stomach like something nasty is about to happen. A sharp animal cry above me sends me twitching around. I can only assume that's the Kyriotate, because I have a hard time imagining a raptor that big prowling the city streets otherwise. On the other hand, it certainly looks big enough to rip a pigeon's head off in one go...

The bird swoops down, circles, glares at me. Proof enough. No one's watching when I toss the phone into the air. Talons close around it, and that's the data safely away.

I don't like not having a way to call people.

Shouldn't be standing around in the middle of the street, and there's no way I'm going back to that car. Public places in the middle of the day, when most people are at school or work... Right. The mall. I ping the Symphony for best directions, and... okay, either the universe has decided to become ecologically conscious, or buses are better for transportation than I would have believed. But if it's faster than running, so be it. Besides, buses are public too, right?

At least I get to run to the bus stop.

The bus driver has hair long enough that it must reach his ankles when he's standing, and smiles as I charge through the door. "Nearly missed me."

"Wouldn't want that." I dig through my pockets for change to drop into the machine. "How many stops until the mall?"

"Three. You okay, miss?" He looks a little like Jack's current vessel, if not quite as tall. I can imagine the same words, in the same tone, coming from the Mercurian. "You look like you ran into a wall."

Or a window. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just took a fall on the stairs, hit a railing. It looks worse than it feels."

"It would have to." He keeps his eye on me from the mirrors as the light turns green and the bus pulls away. "You're sure you don't need to stop by the hospital? Two stops from here you can get a transfer..."

"Without insurance? I'll live. I just need to stop by the mall to pick up a new shirt and pants. I can't work in this mess all day."

"Heh. Hardly, miss. You look like you've been having a rough day."

"You don't know the half of it." I sit on the edge of the seat in the first row of the bus; the only other person riding is someone mumbling and sleeping in the back seat. "I'm just glad I'm leaving this city soon."

"You are? That's a pity. It's a nice place, once you get to know it." I wish the bus would go faster, but it would be impolite to ask the driver to step on it. "Have you been here long?"

"Not very. I'm sure if I gave the place a fair shake, it would be nice. But there are too many people I'd rather not deal with."

"Isn't that the truth. The people are what end up making or breaking any location." The bus lurches to a stop by a deserted bench. "Hope you have better luck wherever you move to next." Back in motion. It makes me want to run up there and grab the wheel myself. Faster than walking, less conspicuous than trying to run the whole way. I will be patient.

I don't do patient very well. "Two more stops?"

"That's right. In a hurry to get back to work?"

"More like a hurry to get out of these clothes. Can't stand my job. At least it's nearly over." I slide over to a different seat. "How do you like driving a bus?"

"It's not bad. The route doesn't change much, but I meet new people, see the city... Much better than sitting at a desk with a boss yelling at you."

"That what you did before this?"

"Yup. Five years processing claims for an insurance company, and then one day I'm sitting at my desk listening to my boss tell me I ought to cut my hair, and I realize, I don't need any of this. No kids to take care of, just me, so who needs all that stress for the money? Wasn't making me happy. So I quit, moved to a smaller apartment, got this job... And you know, being a bus driver? Happier than I ever was locked up in a cubicle fifty hours a week." His teeth gleam when he grins. "Maybe you should try it."

"Who, me? Nah. I like driving things fast. They'd kick me out after the fifth time I blew past someone waiting for the bus because I forgot to stop." I prod at a cut on my forearm that's drying into a scab. "Still, it would be better than the current job."

"I'm not the sort to go for the whole Disney 'follow your dream' thing, myself. Doesn't work so well if you pin all your hopes on that; a lot more kids out there dream of being professional basketball stars than will ever make it. But there's something to be said for not wasting your life in a place that'll never make you happy. Go out and do something with your life, whether it's hard work or your dream or whatever else, make a difference, and that's something right there."

"Yeah. Most people only get one chance at it, after all."

"Most people?" He gives me a quizzical look in the mirror.

"I don't know. Do you believe in reincarnation?"

"I believe in destiny, miss." The bus huffs and puffs its way to another stop, opens the doors, closes the doors, moves on. "Not that they're necessarily incompatible."

I blink at him, but his expression is polite, friendly, nothing more. Any other day I'd start asking certain questions. Today, I'll leave wondering. "Hey, could you do me a small favor?"

"Depends on what you need, but I might be able to help."

"There's this guy who -- well, he's not my boyfriend, he's just really... pushy, and stuff, and I probably ought to get a restraining order or something, but I didn't want it to get complicated and... Anyway, if some guy comes asking after me, could you say you never saw me? Or at least don't remember me?"

"Easy enough. For some reason, people have no trouble believing a bus driver has a poor memory." He winks at me in the mirror. "Here's the mall coming up. Have a good day, and try not to fall down any more stairs, okay?"

"You too. Thanks lots." I hit the ground running the instant the door's open, remember to toss him a wave over my shoulder. The mall's only half a block away, and it's a damn good thing Hell doesn't get Kyriotates, because the parking lot is covered in pigeons. Not many cars parked here; I might have been better off looking for a busy restaurant.

The last time I visited this place, I stuck to one floor; even I can get lost in the twists of a place like this, and trying to escape from a department store makes my head hurt. This time, I know where I'm going, so I check the mall directory, once I manage to track one down amidst all the signs covered in pictures of people with vacuous stares. I'm told some of those sorts of poses are supposed to be sexy, but I'm not seeing it. What was Lust thinking? You want to inspire attraction, let people smile in an engaging manner. I don't know what people see in these glares and frowns. Maybe they're too distracted by the skimpy clothing to notice these things. Or maybe I don't understand the way Lust works.

The food court is on the third floor of the mall. I get funny looks from a few people on the way; even with the blood washed off and the best I could do to make myself presentable, I have a battered look about me.

Someone's decorated the dining area with plastic trellises covered in fake ivy, and two plastic trees stand in the center. Two halves of a gate, painted up to look like antique wrought iron, stand welded open, attached to tiny wall-portions that go nowhere. An impressive amount of effort has gone into making this place look nothing whatsoever like an idyllic garden. Not that most idyllic gardens are surrounded by fast food, though I know of one where the Seneschal can barbecue a mean veggie burger.

There's no line in front of the burger place. I step up to the counter, and twitch the instant I cross under the sign hanging overhead. I wasn't expecting to feel that. "Hi," I say, to the bored teenager manning the counter. "Is Sharon here?"

"In the back." He points over his shoulder with one thumb. "You gonna order anything?"

"...I don't think so. Would you let her know I'm here?"

"She's on break." He picks at a bit of peeling tape on the side of the cash register, holding on credit card logos. "So. You gonna order anything?"

"No. Could you please let her know I'm here?" My hands are making little motions, so I stuff them into my pockets. "It's important."

"On break. Can't interrupt her."

"Fine! I'll... wait. I'll wait." I step far enough back from that area to let me breathe again, and go pacing around empty tables for a few minutes. The kid at the counter continues picking at the tape, alternating this with staring blankly into space. I mean, I've heard stories about the Dairy Queen of the Damned that Jack ran into just outside of Needles, but I don't think this kid has being undead as an excuse. It's unlikely that anyone knows precisely where I am, but--

Oh. Wait. The way Candi looked at me when I needed time in the office alone, and then escorted Chad away for lunch--

I have no idea if I'm hooked. I don't know how to find out if I am or not. But if I am, they could already be tracking me. Mannie's shown me how useful the Song of Affinity is to a Lilim, and I can't imagine many would go without it if they had the choice. Double-crud. I return to the counter, suppressing the shudder at stepping into that area. "Could you please tell Sharon I'm here. It's important."

The boy rolls his eyes. "Fine, but I'm not taking the flack if she's pissed you interrupted her break."

"Yes. The flack is all mine. Please tell her I'm here."

"Whatever." He slouches off into the back. A moment later Sharon comes out, wiping her hands on her pants.

"Hey, Megan--" She stops at the counter, looks me up and down. "What happened?"

"Long story. No, well, short story, but complicated. I'll tell you all about it, if you have a minute."

"Sure, I have a few more minutes of break." She pokes the other employee in the shoulder. "Watch the counter. I'll be back in a few."

I lead her over to the plastic trees; there's no one in hearing distance, if we keep our voices down. "Tangle with more, um, you-know-what?" she asks.

"Yeah. Went through a window. I have a bit of a problem; I think they can track me, so I can't run somewhere safe until this blows over, like I was planning on. And I'm suffering from a certain lack of transportation; I can't outrun a duck in my car, even if I go back to pick it up."

"Through a window? Damn. That must have hurt." She frowns, and rubs the back of her neck. "I'm not sure what I can do. My car's still dead in the garage, or I wouldn't be taking the bus myself. You can't just, you know, take on the guy who did this to you?"

"One of them? Sure. Three of them, one with a Song that'll screw my head over nine ways from Sunday? Not so much. If I'm lucky, they can't track me, or they're still arguing with each other over who's going to take the blame. Not so lucky, they're five minutes behind me. I was trying to hit someplace public where they couldn't try anything too messy without attracting attention, but this isn't it."

"Yeah, the mall's pretty dead after the lunch rush passes."

"Doesn't help that you're working in an Infernal Tether, as places to run go."

"I'm what?"

I shiver. "Felt it the minute I stepped up to the counter. Not sure to whom, though I'd guess Haagenti. Tell me, is there anyone who works there who never seems to go home?"

"Well, the manager does the opening and closing..." Sharon turns to look back at the burger place. "You're not saying--"

"Hey, I don't know. It might be brand new and unstabilized, for all I can tell. I just know that I don't want to stand too close."

"A demonic link to Hell. You know, that would explain a lot."

"Maybe. I suspect it's hard to tell the difference from standard fast food work."

"Apparently retail is hell."

"Possibly. Sharon, do you know of any good public places I can get to fast? Some place with a lot of people."

"Um." She crosses her arms. "There's a donut shop three blocks from here where a lot of cops hang out. Would that work?"

"Perfect. Think there's a pay phone near there?"

"I don't know, haven't used a pay phone since I was in junior high. Doesn't everyone have a cell phone?"

"Guess I'll find out. Thanks for the help."

"Yeah, it's... it's not like I'm doing anything spectacular." She fishes through her pockets, comes out with a grubby five dollar bill. "Do you have any cash? Because, um, I don't have much on me, but this might help--"

"Used most of the last of it on bus fare. Thanks again, and I will pay you back." I'll send Jack by with a nicely-wrapped package of twenties, even.

"Yeah. Good luck." I'd turn to head out, but she puts her hand around mine. "Are you going be okay?"

"I'll be -- well, I'll manage, one way or another. Trust me, I've been in worse situations than this. I'd just rather not lose this body. It's a loaner."

Sharon nods slowly. "Want help?"

"You've already helped--"

"No. Seriously. Let me come."

"Um." There's a heavyset man behind the counter, wearing a collared shirt, and he's glaring in her direction. "I don't want to get you fired."

"Why ever not? If I'm working for demons..." She grins. It reminds me very much of Jack. There are people I need to introduce her to. "Half a minute." She walks to the counter, heads into the back while the manager follows her, hunched shoulders indicating all sorts of annoyance on his part. I bounce on my toes and wait, wait, wait. She knows the area better than I do, and while I can make my way from place to place easily, it's good to have someone around. As a witness when people would prefer to meet me privately, if nothing else.

A moment later she reemerges from the back, out of her uniform shirt and carrying her backpack. The manager stomps along behind her. Sharon gives me a quick smile, and says, loudly enough for me to hear all the way over here, "Yes, I'm quitting. You know where to send the last paycheck. The job sucked anyway." The rumbling reply from the manager is too garbled at this distance for me to make it out, but I don't think he's happy.

I can't really complain about this.

She skips the last few steps to me. "I hated that job. So much. I'll find a better one."

"I'll find you a better one. Donut shop?"

"Let's."

The Cherub had not expected this. However, a lifetime of asking pointed questions of people who did not wish to answer them had, to some extent, inured him to surprises. So when he reached the door of the office, he did pause and consider his actions before proceeding.

He then proceeded to rip the door off its hinges, and stepped inside.

The door to the inner office was still open, and the three people standing there had been shouting at each other. They stopped when the door was pulled off, turned towards him. He was pleased to see that one of them had its eyes scratched out. Dedan sang up a faint green shield about himself, and was again pleased when the woman's Song stopped cold at the barrier.

He was not pleased to see the hole in the window, but he knew in his bones that the Ofanite was still alive, and so Dedan chose to focus on matters at hand.

"You shouldn't do that," he said, as the Impudite's hasty attempt at Charming him bounced away. "It's liable to annoy people." When he pounced, the Lilim and blinded one scattered for the door, leaving the Impudite to him. This did not bother him; plenty of time to track them down later. One by one, he'd take care of matters. "In this case, as I'm already annoyed, it makes little difference. But you may wish to keep it in mind for the future."

The demon could not form a coherent reply to this because of the hand around its throat.

"Now, mind," Dedan said, slamming the demon up against the wall a few times as a soothing rhythm for the conversation, "I don't believe you have much of a future. I suppose it depends on how lenient your Superior is about his minions losing vessels. Don't know what you've been up to. It's not my job. But I suspect you're about to find your current project a failure."

More strangled noises coming from the demon he was holding. Dedan used his other hand to snap its neck, and dropped the body on the floor. "Well," said the Cherub to himself, quietly, "that's more of a mess than I ought to be making. But someone will be along soon to clean up, if Lightning is up to the job."

He followed the pull of his attuned downstairs, outside, finally to a bus stop, watching the bus rattle away. No matter; he could move in that direction until a destination had been reached, and then adjust his steps accordingly.

On the ledge above him, a pigeon tilted its head in curiosity to watch him stomp off, but the Cherub had more important things to pay attention to than that.

I'm the better actor, but Sharon's better at coming up with the stories. By the time I walk into the donut shop, I've put on expression of sniffling misery. We acquire donuts, coffee for me and milk for her, then sit down close to a booth where two men in uniform talk. One of them catches sight of me, frowns, stands up. "Ma'am? Are you okay?"

"I'm fine." I wipe my nose. "Thanks." Sharon offers the man a helpless shrug, the one seen world over when mortals refuse to say anything negative about partners who hurt them, and their friends have grown tired of the argument.

"Ma'am, those cuts don't look good. You might want to get them looked at." A few more hours and they'll be barely noticeable, with the rate I heal, but right now they still look nearly as fresh as they are. "Are you sure you're okay?"

"I'm fine." Sharon pats my hand, and then gestures urgently to the police officer. She stands up, moves away with him to the other side of the room. I can make out her story from the whispers: found the boyfriend was cheating on me, confronted him about the matter in front of the other girlfriend, things got heated, now need some time to get composed before I can be talked into pressing charges, she's worried one or both of them might follow me and try to continue the fight, will the police be here for a while?

The officer reassures her that they'll be here for a while, I can take my time calming down, they can even give me a ride to the station to file charges once I'm ready. Sharon sounds awkwardly concerned, the officer is professionally soothing. I'm having a hard time not giggling into my coffee.

Sharon returns to the table, pats my hand. "I don't like having my back to the door," she says softly. "Not when one of those might walk in, any minute."

"Don't worry. I'm watching." Ed can't get far without eyes. Though one of the three might have the Song of Healing, which would complicate matters. "How's the donut?"

"Decent. I like the ones my mom used to make better."

We make small talk for several minutes. I get another cup of coffee. Maybe the Lightning team already hit, or Candi cut and ran rather than waiting around to find out if I had any backup. I'd start making travel plans to get back to the Lightning Tether, but I don't know how annoyed the Seneschal would be if I led a bunch of demons back there; the location isn't top-secret, or they wouldn't have let me use it, but it's not supposed to be public info. Can't sit in the donut shop under the pitying gazes of police officers forever, though.

Candi walks in, the very model of poise. I'd smile and wave, except I'm supposed to be sniffling right now. Followed by... not Chad. I was expecting him to show. Ed, looking ridiculous in her sunglasses, all his muscles tense. I can't make out his eyes through there, but from the way he walks, I think he's still blind. A slight advantage. Maybe. I poke Sharon with my foot.

She turns, and goes still. If she panics now, this is going to be a lot harder.

"How could you," Sharon says, standing up. Must not giggle, though it's hard to resist, as Candi's mask frays with confusion. "Coming in here after what happened! Get out, right now, you bastard." She's addressing Ed, and his mumble-prone face doesn't know what to do with this.

"Now, let's not have any trouble, ma'am," says the police officer who was speaking with Sharon before. He steps up by her, andright in front of Ed. Who does not see him, bumps against the officer, stops. "Sir, I'm going to have to ask the both of you to leave."

"We're only here for donuts, officer. I don't know what the problem is," Candi says sweetly. She puts a hand against Ed's chest. "Baby, don't worry, I'll take care of this."

Sharon pushes ahead of the police officer. "Take care of this? Take care of this? You're one to talk. I'll show you take care of this--"

The second police officer steps between the Candi and Sharon. "You ought to leave now, sir. Ma'am," he says.

Candi's mask is a work of art in displaying annoyance, confusion, then serene nonchalance. "If you insist," she says, "though I don't know what all the fuss is about." She tucks an arm into Ed's. "Come on, baby, I can tell when we're not wanted." The two of them walk back outside, and I catch a glimpse of Chad's car when it pulls away.

I stand up, mumble something vague in the direction of the police, and step up to the restroom doors. Men, women... Oh, right, different center of gravity with secondary sexual characteristics attached to my chest. I step into the women's restroom, and wait for Sharon to join me.

She shuts the door behind her, and leans on it. "Is there anyone else--"

"In here? Nope. That was brilliant, Sharon. Couldn't have done it better myself. In this situation, couldn't have done it myself at all."

"I can't believe I did that. God. Why did she back down? You told me about that Song, she could've hit one of the police officers with it--"

"And end up with messy, weird combat in the middle of a donut shop, with other people watching? She's not that desperate yet. There are people on both sides who get seriously unhappy when things are too conspicuous. Besides, she couldn't calculate the odds well enough to know if it was worth risking." I lean forward, grinning, and tap Sharon on the nose. "Because she didn't know what you were."

"But I'm only--"

"Mortal? Yeah. But how's she going to know that? For all she can tell, you're an annoyed twelve-Force Malakite who's going to be a few steps behind her."

"Ha! Really?"

"You can make a vessel look like anything. Some angels prefer certain types of vessels, but you don't always get much of a say in it. So... yeah. She might figure it out, but for now? It's all good."

"Good! Good. Um." She laughs, more nerves than humor to it. "I can't believe I did that. Um. What do we do now?"

"I try to find a pay phone with a phonebook, look up a phone number that'll get me through to someone who has a plan, and find out what they say. There has to be a pay phone somewhere around here."

"Not necessarily." She pulls her cell phone out of her pocket. "Here. Call info."

"That... hadn't occurred to me." I take the phone, work out how to place a call, and punch in the numbers.

Two minutes and a suspicious receptionist later, I reach someone in the know who's working at the Tether. "I need a plan. When can I head back in your direction?"

"Kai? Ah, yes. The Domination did take your phone. Let me patch you through." I pace around the bathroom to rhythm of the hold music. Because it's hold music put together by Sparkies, it's good. Because it's still hold music, it gets on my nerves anyway.

The music stops. "Hello, Kai." I don't recognize this voice either, though the smooth inflections lead me to believe it's an Elohite. "What's the situation?"

Sharon's still leaning on the door, so there's no way anyone's wandered in while I wasn't looking. "For the moment, I'm safe, hiding out in a donut shop with too many cops around for the others to risk making a scene. Got the phone out to the Kyrio, and I'd head back to the Tether, but I think I may be hooked and trackable, because Candi showed up here after I waited for a bit. Either that or Ed's a Djinn, which seems unlikely, what with the through the window bit. Though possible. I mean, I did take out both his eyes. That's bound to annoy most anyone."

"I see. Did both of them show up where you are?"

"Yeah, they seem to stick pretty close." Sharon jumps as the door shakes behind her, and steps away so that a woman with a small sticky child can walk inside. The kid's maybe four years old, face and hands smeared with chocolate frosting. Cute. "Don't know if that'll keep up."

"Noted. Do you think they'll continue to follow you?"

"I don't know, they're..." Little kid peering up at me while its mother tries to wipe away at the frosting. "I don't think they're very happy with me, no, but it's hard to say what they'll do. Probably depends on where we run into each other again. I don't think they can afford to cause a scene." Sharon wanders over to the sink to wash her hands slowly, probably because it doesn't look quite so awkward in front of strangers as just standing there.

"Well. Let's see. They can find you. We can find you. But they're unlikely to show if we're about. The solution seems obvious."

"To you, I'm sure. Could you explain it to me in small words?"

"Wait, oh, about half an hour for us to get everything together. Go some place private where they'll feel comfortable attempting to confront you. Once they show up, we can take care of matters."

"And if you don't get there as quickly as they do?"

"That would complicate matters, wouldn't it? But it's unlikely. Are you concerned for your safety?"

"Nah. I'm just thinking that you shouldn't mention this idea to my boyfriend until after we're done with it." The child's mother gives me a suspicious look as the two of them walk out of the restroom, but I can't think of any way I could have put that better.

A light chuckle on the other end. "I'll keep that in mind. Do you need any more information? We ought to do this quickly, before they lose interest or courage and we lose track of them."

"Nope. Think that's it. I'll call back if anything comes up." I close the phone and hand it back to Sharon. "As plans go, I have a feeling this isn't going to be the most fun one ever. On the plus side, I don't think Candi or Ed have ready access to a chainsaw, so it's got to be better than at least one plan I've followed through on before."

"Chainsaw? You're going to have to tell me that story some time."

"Sure! But another time. We need to get out of here, and, let's see, find a safe place for you to hole up while I go play bait."

"...bait? I don't like the sound of that."

"Don't worry. Worse comes to worst, I lose another vessel." Come to think of it, there are much worse things that could happen to me, but I don't think it would be productive to mention them. "You have someplace safe to go?"

"Um... Yeah. I can walk to my mom's house from here, and this time of day both my sisters will be home. Anything that can get through that much firepower isn't going to be scared off by anything short of, um. I don't know what."

"You have an interesting family, Sharon."

"You don't know the half of it." We walk back out to the rest of the shop, grab more coffee. After half an hour of me twitching about in my seat, I sniffle and thank the cops, Sharon pats me on the shoulder, and I politely decline all offers to take us to the station to make a statement. But if they'd maybe give my friend and I a ride back home?

I step into Sharon's mother's house and grin. "Now comes the fun part. Will you be okay here?"

"Did I not mention the mighty arsenal?" Sharon sighs. "I'm worried that you're going to get into trouble, though. Couldn't I sneak along behind?"

"Bad idea; if they spotted you, that could get seriously messy." I stop as someone who must be Sharon's mother walks into the room.

"Sharon? Honey, what's happening? I thought you would be at work at this time of day--"

"Mom! Um. Mom, meet my friend Megan. Megan, meet my Mom." Sharon, who has been doing an exceptional job of acting under unusual circumstances, now appears at a loss.

"Pleased to meet you." I shake the woman's hand, and notice a bulge beneath her jacket. "I need to run, Sharon. Find someplace quiet to get my head together, you know?" Or possibly get my head lopped off, but that's only happened once, so I figure it's unlikely.

"Right. Um. Take care of yourself, okay?"

"I'll try." A quick look out the window shows that the police car's already pulled away. "I'll call you later, once things have settled down." I wave myself out the door, before either of them can object, or Sharon's mother can ask any questions about what happened to Sharon's job.

The Symphony declines to answer my question about a nice private area to look helpless in, but agrees to show me the way to the nearest bus stop. No matter; I have a place in mind, with a backup plan in case things go south. I walk along the back of the bench, and reflect that it's a sign of something wrong in this world that an Ofanite needs to take public transportation this often.

Trying to give last-minute instructions to Maharang and scribble out flowcharts of plans for myself at the same time, I run full into a Seraph of Judgment. "Excuse me," I manage, catching myself against a wall. "I'll have to catch you later, I'm in a hurry." I sidestep to continue. There's no need to run, Nosha said, but damned if I'm going to saunter along towards the Tether, not with that Elohite's ever so clever plan which I will have to shout at it about. Later. No time right now.

"It's important," says the Mercurian, from the other side of me. "And also urgent--"

"Then you'll have to keep up with me. Maharang, did you get what I said about the backup line--"

"Got it!" The reliever salutes me, and I can only imagine it's been hanging out in the Groves again. "Anything else, boss?"

"Don't call me -- no. Nothing else." I round another corner, and the Seraph's in front of me again.

"Gifter, this is important."

I step over a coil of Most Holy on the floor. "Then talk. I'm in a hurry."

"We were told by others that a certain member of our triad had been seen approaching this place, and knowing that you had encountered him before--"

"Dedan?" I stop at the door that isn't about to admit any unauthorized personnel. "Yes, I saw him, what about it?"

The Seraph blinks its eyes in pairs. "We wished to know what you'd spoken about."

I debate between the theoretical and unstated privacy of the request, and my desire to get down to Earth without being delayed any longer or annoying Judgment. Pragmatism, as usual, wins out. "He asked for Kai's address and phone number, I gave it to him, and now I really have to go." I step into the room and close the door in their faces. Not my most polite moment, but the affairs of obsessive Cherubim aren't my matter. And isn't "obsessive Cherub" redundant anyway?

Downstairs, Zif and Strange are waiting for me, the Ofanite pacing restlessly in the Tether's garage. "Where's Joseph?"

"Not coming, this time," Zif says. "He has other responsibilities, and you ought to be in no danger. And it seemed, in our estimation, that sending along too many people might be overkill." Her arch look reminds me of the way she'll twitch one ear, when she's been amused by some phrase or event. "Not that one can overkill when addressing Vapulans, in the opinion of some."

Ezekiel strides into the garage, followed by a ten-year-old girl wearing overalls and pigtails. "Everyone ready?" he asks.

"Mm. Quite." Zif nods to the girl. "Nosha?"

The Elohite grins. "You were wondering, Mannie, how we could get there in time?" She snaps her fingers, more theatrically than I'd expect from someone of that Choir. Disturbance rattles at my ears as a dark blue sedan appears in an empty parking spot.

"Isn't that rather big for a summonable artifact?" I take a seat in the back, between Zif and Nosha.

"It's a hybrid." Nosha grins even more widely up at me. "Fission/fusion. Jean would have my head if I let Windies run off with it, so it's summonable or not at all."

"Don't worry," says the Ofanite in the front seat. "I can make it to the city in twenty minutes in this car."

"Without getting ticketed?"

Strange cackles. "The police can't catch this car."

The way she slides out of the garage, up to sixty miles per hour by the time we reach a street, reminds me of Kai. "I know someone who'd kill for a car like this."

"I know several someones," Strange says, "Gamma and me included. But they're not standard issue."

"Don't Ofanim ever think of anything but trying to move faster?" Ezekiel snaps. He hasn't bothered to fasten his seatbelt, and I'm not about to tell him to.

"You do realize that's like asking if Malakim ever think of anything but slaying evil, right?" I say.

Nosha rolls her eyes. "Children. Please."

We're moving quickly, but not fast enough for my liking. Light doesn't travel as fast as I'd like to right now. I make dozens of useless notes and plans on the notebook I brought along, as if writing these down would somehow make everything turn out right.

I used to be able to plan coherently, work out resources and probabilities and the best course of action, even while running for my life. These days, the possibility of a problem arises, and I lose all ability to function. If it's a problem involving Kai. I never had to worry about anyone but me getting hurt before, in all of my scheming. To have it otherwise is... strange. Still very strange. As if in the middle of a project I suddenly discovered I was only doing half the work, and needed to coordinate with someone else on aspects of the design I hadn't known existed.

The radio crackles to life. "It's not easy matching these kinds of speeds with a pigeon. You couldn't slow at a red light once in a while?"

"We're in a hurry," says Strange. "We don't slow down. How's it going?"

"Oddly. I loss track of Kai around the mall, but since you have Mannie taking care of that end, I've been looking into other matters. I stopped by the office, now that the window's gone, and I'm getting confused. I thought there were still three demons that we know of running around?"

"That's the theory," says Zif. "But what does the data say?"

"Data says I walked by an extremely dead demon's body in the office, found the front door to the place ripped off its hinges, and I'm using every Force I have but the one in this radio to try to do damage control. At this rate I'm going to spend more time in the local police force than I do in birds. What happened? I didn't think we had anyone in the area but me and Kai, and she ran when they showed up."

"We don't have anyone else in this area," says Nosha, "but that doesn't mean there aren't interested parties we don't know about. We can't assume they're on our side, either." She plays with the end of one of her pigtails. "This could complicate matters. Mannie, let's get to Kai and find out what's going on."

"Right." I find the appropriate hook. It's only a matter of the Song--

Twisting out of my grasp. "Bloody hell!"

Ezekiel turns around to look at me. "What?"

"It's... it didn't work. How can it not work? I have been using this Song for two centuries, it doesn't just... not work." I pull at the Song again, but it's gone blurry inside my head, as if I'm trying to recall something stored in the Force that I lost. I've used this song a half dozen times since then, there's no reason for it to fail. "Damn damn damn what am I supposed to do now?" I'm two notes of Essence lower, it's not as if I was somehow distracted before trying.

"Sometimes these things don't work," Nosha says. "We'll figure out something else--"

"No, you're not listening. I have not failed to perform this Song correctly in centuries. Hundreds of times. It doesn't not work for no good reason! And now I can't... I can't even see the damn thing in my head, it's like trying to read through a blizzard." Hooks do me no good when I can't find anyone, I kept that one for a reason. Water through my fingers. "I can't find him. I don't know where he is."

Nosha puts a hand on my arm. "Mannie."

"What?" I should not be snapping at people, I don't care that I'm snapping at people. This was a stupid plan, it was not my plan, but I thought I could handle this much of it.

"If you're really a Sparky, stop panicking and act like one."

What would Kai think if he knew I was acting like this? He'd call me an idiot, tell me to stop worrying, and then ask me to come up with a plan. Right. I take a quick breath. "We received a call after Kai had already passed off the phone. Can we call back that number? It's a start."

Zif hands me her phone. "Not a bad idea." She has the number cued up.

"And how long were you going to let me panic before you suggested that?"

"Maybe ten more seconds." She gives me her patented Jean-smile.

"I would have gone fifteen," Nosha says. "Though I thought Zif would bring it up sooner."

I wait while the phone rings on the other side. Please let it not be a pay phone...

"Megan?"

At least something is going right today. "Ah. No, not quite. A friend of hers, actually. Do you know where she is right now?"

"Um. Yeah. Yeah, I can help you with that. She's staying at my place right now. If you drop by, you can meet her here."

Kai was going to get someplace private, which an inhabited house is not -- but then, I don't know how much the plan has changed on that end. "Can I speak to her, if she's there?"

"Uh, she's not right here, but she'll be back in a few minutes, actually. If you want to swing by?"

I think she's lying, but I can't tell how or why. What I would give for a Seraph and a speakerphone right now... "I can do that. What's the address?"

"245 Leon Avenue. Just knock on the front door."

"Thanks." I hang up, and frown. "245 Leon Avenue, Strange. I suppose that's some sort of a start. I have no idea what's going on. I dislike not having sufficient information to work with. How am I supposed to form any sort of working plan with this?"

"Never did a lot of field work before, did you?" asks Ezekiel, as the car does a tight U-turn in the middle of an intersection. I don't like his smirk.

"Only so far as it was necessary for experimentation or testing, and even then I usually gave the specs to someone else and waited for results. Or to hear explosions, depending on who else had been working on the project, and who had it in for the demon in charge." There was also those decades I spent building up a power base in Russia, but I'd rather not go into details about that with someone like him.

"The plan changes. The plan always changes. The only reason to start with a plan is so that everyone knows what's being changed." His smile makes me want to slap him. "You'll get used to it. Or you'll end up dead."

"How inspiring." We skid to a stop in front of a house in a residential neighborhood, dropping from somewhere above seventy miles per hour to zero in less than a second. Nosha slides out of the car, and I follow right behind. "Did you put inertial dampers into this car?"

"Well. I wasn't going to not upgrade it. Especially if I usually let an Ofanite drive." She grins up at me. "You want to handle this?"

"Yes." I walk up to the front door and rap. Time slides by around me, but I am being... practical. Ever practical.

The door opens halfway, and a middle-aged woman levels a rifle at my face. "I'd like to say right now that you're on my property. You might want to keep that in mind."

I double-check the numbers on the mailbox out front. This is the right address. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me." The barrel of the rifle waves in my face. "Now, I don't want any trouble here."

"Ah. Right. I don't suppose you've seen a friend of mine? The name's Megan, I was told she'd be here."

"Mom! Mom, it's okay, it's not who I was expected." A teenage girl pushes up past the woman, looks me up and down. "Sorry about that, I was, um, I thought someone else might be coming. When you called. But you're not -- Mom, it's okay, really. You can put that away."

The rifle moves out of my face. "Are you sure, honey?"

"Yes. Really. Mom. Honestly. I can handle this." The girl steps outside, and closes the door. "Sorry, when Megan left I thought, um, someone else might end up here, and when you called, well, I thought--" She stops. "Could I get a name, at least?"

"Mannie." I shake the hand she offers. Absurd civility in the middle of urgency. "Would you be Sharon?"

"Oh, you're -- right." The girl frowns. "But she said you could find her."

"And we thought we could, but something changed. Do you know where she's gone? It's--"

"Urgent, right. Um. No." Sharon walks to the edge of the lawn with me, past the plaster statues of various wildlife cluttering up the grass. "She didn't say before she left where, only that it would be someplace out of the way, and... God. I don't know. Why can't you find her?"

"Long story." I can feel the trembling trying to start in my hands. Suppress, recall that panic will not help anyone but the other side. "No idea where that might be?"

"I've only really seen her at her apartment, the arcade, the mall..." Sharon shakes her head. "I'm sorry, I want to help, but I don't know where she'd -- oh. Wait. Okay, I don't know if this is actually any use--"

"Fewer excuses. More information. Please."

"Right, sorr -- um. There was this empty lot, back behind a park, where she took me after, um, the night we met."

"Where?"

"I don't know an address, it was just... I mean, it's near where I live, but I don't know the street name or anything. I'm not good with directions." Do I look like that when I'm starting to panic?

"Don't worry," says Nosha, taking Sharon's hand. "You can come with us and show us how to get there. It's worth checking out."

We climb back into the car; Nosha ends up on my lap, to allow room for everyone to sit. "Aren't the cops going to stop us for seatbelt violations?" Sharon asks.

"Can't catch us," Strange says from the front, and pulls away from the curb at the sort of speed that will have Sharon's mother asking pointed questions when the girl returns.

"Oh God. That's -- that was a red light, wasn't it?" Sharon's clutching my arm; I wish she would hold onto the door handle, if she feels obliged to secure herself.

"You haven't gone anywhere with Kai driving, have you?" I ask.

"Once, but Megan -- um, Kai didn't drive like this."

"Ah, yes. They gave him a substandard car, didn't they."

"Him? Oh. Um. Megan." Sharon bites her lip. "That's really messing with my head."

"Compared to sharing a car full of angels off to find another and a few demons?" Nosha chirps. She's acquired a lollipop from somewhere. If I end up with sticky green candy on my clothing, we're going to have words.

"Okay, so maybe I'm suppressing all the weirdness of this by focusing on details. What sex is she, anyway?"

"Kai's an angel," Nosha says. "Physical gender for one of us is like putting on a set of clothes. Some people have strong preferences about what they wear, some don't, but either way it's not essential to who they really are."

"So you're not really a kid."

"I'm the oldest one in the car." Nosha slurps at the lollipop. "But appearing to be a child can be useful at times, so this is the body I wear. Appearing to be an adult male or female can also be useful, but we already have those covered."

"My life. Is so weird." Sharon lets go of my arm. With an Elohite on my lap and people on either side, I'm strongly considering taking up claustrophobia in my free time. "Oh, wait, that street! Um. That street is where the apartment complex was where I found her fighting those demons. Don't hit--" Her hand grabs me again as Strange deftly maneuvers around a bus making a protected left turn which we're ignoring. "And the park's right behind the complex, then the empty lot is behind that."

"Empty lot? Right." Strange pulls the car into a hard right, stops so abruptly someone would be going through the windshield if it weren't for the adjustments Nosha made to the car. "Here's the part where we stop before we scare anyone off. Lot's right up ahead, you can see the fence from here."

Ezekiel steps out, tilts his head. "I don't hear anything. But it's worth a try." He strides ahead, one hand reaching inside his jacket.

Nosha slides off my lap, follows Sharon outside. "You should stay here," she says to the human, patting her hand. "In case more trouble shows up."

"I'd feel safer with the rest of you--"

"I know. But you ought to stay here."

Sharon sighs, and nods. "I get the feeling I'm going to be hearing that a lot," she says. I'm already following Ezekiel's path. No disturbance, no unusual sounds, and no tug along the path of that hook. Like trying to walk down a busy street with my eyes closed.

"Nothing here," the Malakite says, from the other side of the fence. "Dead end. Time to move on to plan C."

"Do we even have a plan C?" I could climb over and try to look more closely than he has, but I'm having a hard time imagining two demons and Kai being quiet in an empty lot full of dirt piles and tall weeds. There's a dry, cold feeling at the back of my mind. It must be the door I've put on the panic, trying to break through the lock.

Nosha scrambles up and over the chain links. "Honestly, Ezekiel, you could put some effort into the area scan." She strides into the lot, disappearing between weeds taller than her vessel.

"You see any demons? I don't see any demons. Ergo, we're wasting our time here. The entire point in finding our magical vanishing Ofanite is to find the people following him. Or am I the only one who remembers that?"

Strange follows over the fence, while Zif watches the street. "Don't be such a twit, Zeke," says Strange, punching him in the arm as she goes by. "Being honorable is no excuse for being a jerk."

"I am being focused, unlike everyone else around me." He throws up his hands. "Am I the only one remembering actual mission objectives? Zif?"

"Information is valuable. Currently, we're low on information. Kai has been around here, and will have more. Thus." Zif continues watching the traffic-free street.

At the back of the lot, there's a muffled yelp. Ezekiel darts over in that direction, and I can see his head and shoulders above the weeds. "Nosha?"

"Found something!" The two of them return with a child struggling between their grips, the Elohite beaming. "This? Doesn't look like an ordinary kid to me."

The child growls at me; it has sharp teeth, and slitted pupils. "Let me go, or I'll magic you away."

I sigh. "Yes, ethereals are fascinating, but a little beside the point, aren't they?"

"This will only take a moment," Ezekiel says, reaching inside his jacket with a free hand.

Nosha kicks him in the ankle. "Stop that. Information, remember?"

"Right. So." Ezekiel rolls his eyes. "Look, you rotten little parasite, have you seen anything interesting around here in the last half hour or so? And don't lie to us, or we'll know."

The ethereal stands still in their grasp. "Will you let me go if I tell you?"

"Well." The Malakite eyes it. "So far as I can tell you haven't done anything dreadful of late, so if you have something really useful to say, sure, we'll let you go."

"Heard something. Someone came over the fence. Then heard a noise, like, um." It scrunches up its face in thought. "Like a toy gun, not a real one. A little bang. And voices. Not long ago. Maybe ten minutes. Or less."

"And what did you see?" Nosha asks.

"Didn't see anything. I'm not that stupid. I hid. I don't want any trouble."

Nosha tilts her head to the side. "I don't think you're telling the truth, there."

"Hey," says Sharon, from behind me, "I know you said to wait, but--" She steps forward. "Cat?"

The little ethereal contrives to look pathetic. "You're Megan's friend. You'll make them let me go, right? She'd want you to do that. I helped her, remember?"

Ezekiel shakes his head. "Wait, Kai knew this thing?"

"Yeah," says Sharon, "that's the kid who patched her up when we were -- what's going on?"

"You're friends of hers?" The ethereal looks around at us. "I didn't think one small favor would be so big." It shivers between the two angels, and Nosha lets go of its arm. "I did come to look when I heard her voice. Three people and her, shot her in... the leg, I think. Couldn't see very well. They went that way." It points off towards a stretch of grimy buildings. "I think this time she owes me. Keeps bringing people over here to bother me."

"Let it go," says Zif, and Ezekiel releases the child's other arm. "Thank you, Cat," she says. "Do you know more?"

"No more than that. I hid when they went by." It shrugs. "Not my business. If you want good luck, mind the sidewalk cracks." It darts back into the bushes.

"Is this good or bad?" Sharon asks. But I'm already moving that way.

I planned to make it to the empty lot early and talk with Cat about backup, then wait for them there. I guess I'm not so good at planning, because they hit me about three seconds after I climbed the fence. And right now, knowing exactly where I am isn't helping me any. Especially with the flashbacks I'm getting to the last time I ended up in a windowless room with three demons around me.

"We're out of knees," Candi says. "But we could start taking off fingers. How would you like that, sweetheart?"

I would try a kick if I could stand. As it is, I sit and glare, and don't twist too much in Ed's grip, not with the third demon, as yet unnamed, pointing that gun at me. I know an artifact when I see one, and ordinary guns don't hurt that much. "You can't come up with anything more original than that?"

"Doesn't everyone love the classics?" Her smile isn't as confident as she wants me to believe it is. If she had any Essence left, she'd be trying to sing my head into being more cooperative. So either everyone's out, or anyone with Essence left isn't willing to pass it to her.

"It's overdone. I mean, the first few times, sure, limb loss was distressing, but by this point? It's lost its novelty." I could slam my head back into Ed's face if I could stand up. I could do something creative with my sandals if my knees weren't broken. I could get a lot of fun in with the paperclips in my pocket if Ed weren't holding my wrists so tightly. This has not been my day. "I've heard people have come up with some creative stuff involving souffle, though. If you wanted to run out and get some, I'm willing to wait."

She backhands me. It's not impressive. Do all Lilim go easy on the Corporeal Forces? Or maybe it's the Vapulan crowd. Aside from the stabbing pains in my knees, this isn't as bad as sitting in an office trying to pretend to work. At least I get something interesting to watch. I wish the Lightning hit team would arrive, so that I can get out of here and back to real work. "We can take as long as we need," she says.

"Of course you can. I mean, it's not like you have much of a product to work on anymore, right? Not without software for it." I grin at her expression. She hadn't heard that yet, had she? I love being the bearer of bad tidings in cases like this. "All the time you need, Candi."

"We should kill her and go," says Ed, voice barely rising above a mumble. "If there's backup--"

"Then we're ready for it," says Candi sharply. "You're so very fond of staying out of unpleasant situations, but see if you can manage to hold out a little longer, okay, baby? Because I for one want to know more about what's going on."

The demon at the door watches with a bland expression. I don't know what his part is in this, beyond dragging me off to somewhere with more walls for their chat, and providing firepower. I don't like that he spent a few minutes outside the room setting up I don't know what, but it's not like Lightning doesn't know how to handle a simple booby trap, right? The way he's trailing along without comment suggests he's geased into this, but for all I know he's Candi's immediate supervisor and is evaluating her response to stressful situations. I twist irritably in Ed's grasp. If only everyone involved were as wimpy as Candi, I'd be doing better. Not that I'm supposed to run; I'm staying right where I am until Lightning arrives.

You'd think they could hurry a little. Time's a-wasting, and my knees are bleeding through these jeans. I hope someone back at the Tether has a spare set of clothes.

Candi sets long fingernails right beneath my chin. "Megan, sweetheart. You're being difficult."

"Well, yeah. I'm good at that."

"Mm. That's not really useful to us right now. Let's do something about it, okay?" She smiles up at Ed. "Want to take her eyes out?"

"Thought you'd never ask." Ed slams my head against the wall, dragging my legs across the floor in a bloody streak. "Hold still. This is going to hurt a lot."

The door slams open, and something behind me explodes, white light so bright I can't see even gray wall in front of me. I try to yank away in the distraction, but Ed's not letting go. Fine. My fingers find purchase on his watch, and in my hand it twists, cuts. Two arms drop me as he shrieks, and I fall on the ground, bloody watch in hand, his right thumb dropping down beside me. Satisfying, that.

Twist turn back to my feet, and then, damn, damn, forgot about the knees. I'm going to be a big lot of help right now. Still seeing spots, but at least now I can see what's going on. In front of me Candi cowers back behind Ed, the door's gone with a charred hole in the wall where doorway used to be, and a man I don't recognize steps in, dives straight for Ed with a knife that hums and glows. Gotta love LightningTech.

I may be sitting on the ground, but I'm not helpless. I yank Candi down by the ankle, throw myself forward on her while she's still squeaking in surprise. Her cute little purse has a long enough strap to make excellent handcuffs, though it's a pain to hold down the way she's struggling--

Another flash of white, leaving my ears ringing and new spots in my vision. The man who was on Ed crumples to the ground, half his chest missing. Oh, right, VapuTech. I like that a lot less. So that demon can shoot more than bullets with his clever little artifact. Could've done without that surprise.

Another someone I don't recognize, young woman with red hair, who dodges an ordinary bullet, grinning. "Stupid," she says, "you're too slow," and sends the demon staggering back across the room under a flash of blue lightning. Then she's on Ed, slipping around his sightless, angry swinging. "Too slow, too slow."

Candi whimpers beneath me. "Yeah, real prepared for backup," I say, and... I could kill her. I want to kill her. But they wanted to take care of this, and want information she has. So I settle for tying the purse strap into the fanciest tight knots I know.

Mannie steps into the room, a kid beside him. When's he going to learn to stay out of the firefights? I push myself into an awkward sitting position on top of Candi. "Watch out for--"

White light, I can't see, and now for the first time since they jumped me I'm afraid. Body hitting the ground next to me, my poor vision slides its way back to clarity, and Mannie's pulling himself to his feet, expression -- blank. Someone else on the floor missing most of the head, I don't know who, but he must, by the way he's reacting. The kid's leapt back out the doorway, and now comes charging back in, pigtails waving behind her.

A copy of the man who went down first snaps into view, grabs his glowing knife from the floor, steps around the red-haired woman to attack Ed with all the casual disdain of a Malakite who's lost another vessel. The demon in the corner raises his weapon--

Goes down beneath the weight of Dedan's attack, while the kid shouts, "Alive, try not to kill all of them." And then joins in the attack, though I'm not sure how much of it is to wrestle away that weapon, and how much is to keep the Cherub from beating the demon to a pulp.

"Mannie," I say, because he's standing there staring, even as Ed collapses in a bloody pile beside me. "Could I get a little help here?"

"I didn't know..." He turns abruptly in my direction, shudders. "Right. Problem?" The demon in the corner is now a messy heap, while the child argues with Dedan about how to finish it off.

"Knees, Mannie. I'd kinda like to stand up again, if I can."

He nods, hums briefly, and I can stand. "Sorry. I was... distracted."

I stand up, keep one foot on Candi, wrap an arm around him. "Oh. Zif?"

"Yes." He's gone terribly blank and still, from body to eyes. Not a good sign.

The Malakite shrugs. "It's what Cherubim do." He gives me a quick look that dismisses me as superfluous to demon-killing, crouches down beside Candi. "Nosha, we have one alive." He slaps a set of cuffs on her that make the Lilim shudder. Or maybe it's just having a Malakite holding her down that does that.

"Well, in that case." The child steps away from the remaining demon, gingerly holding the artifact. "Go for it," she adds, over her shoulder, and Dedan slams the demon down one last time in a wet smack against the wall.

"Oh," says the red-haired woman. "You must be Kai. Been looking forward to meeting you down here. Wait until you see the car."

Mannie steps away from me. Walks over to Zif's vessel. I would follow him, but... I don't know if I should. What would make me feel better isn't necessarily what he'd appreciate.

Dedan's hug is wet with blood. I can't complain. I wrap my arms around him. "Hey," I say. "You're all weird and affectionate today."

"It's only that I'm glad you're okay," he says. One hand pats my shoulder. Same Cherub as always. "Please tell me you're not going to do anything this dangerous again."

"Wasn't that dangerous. Not with people coming to find me." I could wait through nearly anything, I think, knowing that someone was coming for me. He's eternally reassuring, a solid comfort beside me. "Though I didn't expect to see you here."

Dedan pulls away, and coughs. Actually looks sheepish, and that's the first time I've ever seen that expression on him. "I'm... not supposed to be here. Strictly speaking."

"Aw, man, you didn't go and get into trouble on my account, did you?" I poke him in the chest. "You're supposed to be Judgment! You don't do getting into trouble. You report on it."

"So I am surely about to be told. And yet I can't regret it." Dedan shrugs. "I will discuss the matter with the appropriate parties. Don't concern yourself with it."

"Fine, it's Judgment stuff, none of my business. But don't do it again. Please?"

"Certainly."

I count bodies on the floor. "I don't suppose any of you ran into Chad on the way here? Haven't seen him since I left the office through the window, and we probably don't want him running free."

"I dealt with him earlier," Dedan says, drawing an approving look from the Malakite.

"You really have been getting around." I have my suspicions, but I'm not going to arguing about motivation and duty with a friend who's trying to help.

"So it seems," says the Cherub. I'd like to ask him more questions, except that I doubt he'd want to answer them. "It seems things are adequately in hand. I ought to return before the rest of my triad becomes distressed at my absence."

"A bit late for that, I'm afraid," Mannie says, returning to where I've been testing out my legs. "As we left, a certain Seraph and Mercurian were asking after you."

Dedan sighs. "It is to be expected. I'd best go." He nods to me, drops his vessel, and returns to his Heart, disturbance rattling for a moment in his wake.

A pigeon flies into the room. A moment later, a cell phone rolls out of Candi's purse, over the Malakite's knot-checking hands. "I'll get around to cleaning the mess, then," says a faint, tinny voice from the phone. "It was too much to hope that this whole operation could be clean for once. Don't mind me, I'll just be dealing with the police, curious bystanders, residents of this building... At this rate I ought to get a mug at the station with my name on it."

I pull Mannie out of the room, get enough distance that the other three angels aren't in earshot. "Are you going to be okay?"

"Yes. No." He laughs shortly after he says this; I think it's an answer he used to give to Zif. "A few days, a week, a few weeks... She'll be back out of Trauma. And, ah, telling me to stop worrying about things I can't prevent, and asking me how I feel about what happened, and reminding me that the duty of a Cherub is to protect her attuned. I only. Ah. Didn't know I cared so much."

"Yeah," I say. "It sneaks up on you like that."

He looks down on me. "I like the new vessel."

"Really? Thanks. I prefer the androgynous look myself, but no real complaints on this one. Thanks for working out a way for me to get back to Earth."

"You can thank Nosha for that, more. It's the one that suggested the plan."

"Sure, but without you I wouldn't have come up as an option at all."

"Without me, Zif wouldn't be in Trauma. And you wouldn't have lost your original vessel. I... tire of having people hurt on my account."

I shove him in the shoulder. "Zif got hurt doing her job. And as for me, it was a more than fair trade. I mean, I got you out of the deal, didn't I?"

His smile is slow, and sweet. "I suppose you did."

Zif looks vulnerable in Trauma, in a way she never did awake. I only stop to see her briefly, and move on. If I waited there for her to wake, she'd chide me for taking what she did too personally. It was her job to protect me. If I'd moved sooner, seen what was going on, she wouldn't have had to -- but that isn't a productive line of thought.

Appropriate, that her voice critiques me from inside my head when she's not there to do it herself.

Back at my office, Maharang zips in and out of the reliever flap in the door. It stops when I approach, bounces in the air in front of the flap. "I finished it! See? I finished it myself!"

"Good work, kid." There are a few places in the installation where I can see imperfections and clumsiness, but the reliever followed the plans I left for it remarkably well for a creature of little brain. I step into the office. My computer's screen blinks at me about messages waiting. They can wait a while -- no, not any longer. I took enough time on Earth between the completion of my mission and returning to take care of personal matters. Back to work.

The first message is from Gariel; a meeting scheduled in an hour, to discuss the results of what we did and the information we acquired, plus any remaining cleanup. The second, a reminder from Cory about that party she's putting together, complete with an attachment to put a reminder into my calendar. I suspect she'll come to the office to drag me out if I fail to show up. The third... from Jean, requiring my presence as soon as my duties permit.

Surely I haven't screwed up that badly of late. Have I?

"Maharang? I'm stepping out for a few. I ought to be back soon."

"But you just got here, Mannie."

"Yes, and now I'm leaving again. Why don't you go get me a cup of coffee while I'm out? That way it'll be waiting for me when I get back."

"Oh. Okay!" It zips out through the reliever flap, even though I left the door open. An absurd, charming little creature; I'll have to find some way of grafting another Ethereal Force onto it, so that I can add "intelligent" to the list.

My Superior, Archangel of Lightning, the one who pulled me into Heaven and kept me from unraveling while he rebuilt my soul, stands in the room beneath crackling electricity overhead. He chooses to appear as an older man, craggy, professional. I choose to take a breath of electron-filled air before stepping forward towards him.

He turns towards me when I approach. I can't read anything on that face. "It is traditional," he says, "to choose a new name after redemption, to reflect the new nature. Have you found one?"

I don't believe he's called me there for only this. "Emmanuel." Kai suggested the name: God is with us. If I name myself this, perhaps it will be easier to believe. I know full well that God wasn't with me before, no matter what my old Superior used to say.

A slight nod. "Emmanuel, you have so far shown yourself to be dedicated and competent. I grant you the Bright Lilim of Lightning Choir attunement."

"Thank you." Absurdly insufficient words for what I feel.

He knows what I feel. And that I'd want no other Superior than him. How marvelous and strange, to serve one sincerely, to know he understands that sincerity.

The way he turns isn't a dismissal, but a way of moving on. I don't know when he'll next have the time... "I, ah, do have one request. If you wish to listen."

That small nod. Answer enough.

"There's a reliever who's been doing chores for me. It took my name, and I, ah, would appreciate it if Maharang could be given another Ethereal Force. To make it a bit less... lacking. And a more competent assistant."

"You'd like a Force for this reliever. And not to replace the one you're missing?" He can't possibly be surprised, and yet he almost seems to be... not expecting that answer.

"I... hadn't considered that. But. Yes. I've gained and lost Forces before; it's still growing up." My hands want to do the explaining, so I stuff them into my pockets to maintain some pretense of poise. "I realize I haven't, ah, earned this sort of favor. But I can offer a Geas, on myself. So that you could always find me." Please let him take the offer. I don't have anything else to offer, not when he already owns every Force of my soul.

And he gives me that small smile. "An acceptable deal."

Back at the office, Maharang waits, coffee in its tiny hands. "You're back! Again!"

"That I am." I take the mug from the reliever. "I have an errand for you. Head down to the big room with the Tesla coils, and someone will tell you what to do from there."

"What will I be doing?"

"It's a surprise." I take a sip of the coffee. A new blend. I'll have to send my thanks to the Seraph who chose this one. "Go on, you don't want to keep anyone waiting."

"Oh, I like surprises!" Maharang bangs its way out through the reliever flap. I sit down at my desk, and begin to review the files Gariel sent me. I have plenty of work to do, barely enough time to do it in.

I wouldn't want it any other way.

Four in the morning. This far north, the lingering summer means dawn will be here soon. There's no pale tint to the horizon yet, but I can feel the Earth spinning madly beneath me, ready to let this slice of the world face the sun again. Some day I'll race the Earth around to watch the sunrise a dozen times in a single morning. Today, I'm content to walk along the shoulder of the road, gravel crunching beneath our feet.

"You're sure they're coming?" Sharon asks, wrapping her jacket tight around her. She has a bag of essential items, not least of which is a charger for her cell phone so that she can call her mother once a day about this road trip. I don't know how long she'll choose to stay with me, but for the moment I appreciate the company.

"You can't ever be sure with the Wind, except that it'll keep changing things. But they'll probably be along." I have my own phone back, full of numbers to keep me in conversation. Nonetheless: having someone around is good.

"And if they aren't?"

"Then we hitch a ride with a stranger, or walk until something interesting shows up, or I call a friend and ask if they could send me a postal money order in the next town, and we buy some car to run off in." I tiptoe along the rumble strip, spin on the reflectors. "Don't worry."

A car with its headlights off zips past us. Screeches to a stop a few dozen yards up the road, then drives backward. It's an old station wagon, the back window broken and covered in taped-down bags.

"Hey," says Jack, "need a ride?"

"About time." I slide into the front seat, while Sharon climbs into the back beside a wild-haired teenager who grins toothily at her. "Sharon, this is Jack, and I don't know who. Jack, this is Sharon. She just quit her job and is about to run around to unknown destinations with a bunch of people she's just met."

"I like her already." Jack revs the engine. "So, where are we off to? Back home for you, somewhere else?"

"Anywhere you'd like. I can't head home yet, but I figured you wouldn't mind a few hangers-on while I wait for things to cool down over there."

"Not at all. We can use someone who wields a mean piccolo." He laughs at my glare, and climbs over. "Go on, I know you want to drive. Not that you can get this old wreck going very fast. Corners real well, for what that's worth."

I make my way into the driver's seat. Good purr to the engine. "Let's see how fast this will go with someone who knows what she's doing behind the wheel."

"Why does she get to drive?" asks the teenager in the back seat.

Jack leans over to me. "She's new," he says. "But she'll figure it out. Okay," he adds, turning to the back seat, "lesson number five. You always let the Ofanite drive."

"Since when did Windies start passing around actual rules, Jack?" We have a nearly full tank of gas; hours to go before I need to worry about stopping.

"Kid's gotta know what the rules are so that she can know how to break them, right?"

"You have a point." I pull back onto the empty road, pedal to the floor. "And where are we going?"

"How about Russia?"

"Driving there is beyond even my abilities."

He laughs. "Then wherever you want. Find us someplace boring. That needs a little shaking up."

I ask the Symphony a question, get an answer that keeps me moving straight ahead, ever faster. Eventually I'm going to need to get back home and start putting things back together. Eventually I'll need to help Sharon figure out what she ought to be doing with her life. Eventually, the Boss will call, and let me know he's back in Heaven with great news...

But for now, it's enough to drive.

As she leaves, all he can think is: it wasn't supposed to work this way.

He did not put much planning into this. Planning should not have been required. His skills focus on delicate, complex maneuvers involving hundreds of thousands of potential customers. Dealing with one person alone? For that, he can depend on talent. When the opportunity presented itself, he took it as a small personal reward. For all the hard work he's done. The setup was perfect; the execution, flawless. He has played this game a hundred times before, for need or pleasure.

It wasn't supposed to work this way.

She isn't coming back tonight.

And so he leaves the house, drives to some place with people, and spends the night working the room. Drops Essence into every few attempts, and sometimes he gets more than what he spent, sometimes he doesn't, it's noisier than he ought to be and if anyone finds out -- well, if anyone finds out, he'll deal with that later. By the time he returns to the office, the bars closed, he's more or less forgotten her.

He's not the sort who fails. Like a cat pretending it meant to do that after a fall, said one of his not-friends, but he considers it a talent for excellent recovery. He has studied economics; he understands the way people get a little too smart and forget what cats know, that a sunk cost can't be recovered. Don't throw good money after bad. And so every setback is simply... another factor to address in the road to success.

She appears finally the next day, eyes not so bright as he'd grown accustomed to. He grows accustomed to things quickly: perceive, assess, adapt. He lays plans, idle plans, he has better things to think about, but plans for how to recover from this setback.

The surprise ought to feel like betrayal. It does not. Even as events progress, he finds himself reacting slowly, strangely, and somewhere inside him he thinks, this is only fair. She was the one first betrayed.

This is nonsense. He takes; he succeeds; he executes brilliant plans. Betrayal is irrelevant, expected, nothing personal. Guilt is a foreign emotion, and it slows him, wraps around his thoughts until he stops arguing with the unwelcome presence, lets it stay.

When hands wrap around his throat, he wishes to say, this isn't fair. She already paid me back for what I did. I shouldn't have to pay twice. But the other one isn't listening.

Waking up wrapped around his Heart, he knows this a setback, but only a setback. He knows that he does his work well, can recover from this new factor, will be able to turn it into some brilliant success. It wasn't supposed to work this way, but he is adaptable, and where he cannot adapt, he will make the world change to suit him. Unfamiliar reactions to events may be explained as a flaw in his skills, a flaw he will correct.

He tells himself that he's more or less forgotten her.

It was a good thing that the patio door was already open, because Kai couldn't have stopped in time otherwise. She skidded on wet grass, the sprinkler hitting her full in the face as it swung about, and, eyeing the distance to the fence, decided up the tree was a better option for team safety.

A moment later Sharon ran out the same door, dashed haphazardly across the grass, and squeaked as Kai grabbed her from in the tree. By the time both of them were sitting on branches several feet up, the dogs had gathered around the trunk.

"Why didn't you go for the fence?" Sharon whispered. "You could have made it easily!"

"But I didn't think you'd get there in time," Kai pointed out, in an equally low voice, "and I didn't want to leave you behind."

"You should have gone and found Jack and Nip, Kai."

"But you could have been bitten, and none of us knows the Corporeal Song of Healing."

Sharon eyed the dogs milling about beneath them. The dogs were large, with heavy jaws and thick collars. "Well, one of you ought to learn it. You remember in Milwaukee when we spent five hours trying to track down that one Seraph of Flowers who was supposed to know, and he'd gone out on a walk and you were dribbling blood the whole time, and--"

"Yes, I remember. Maybe Nip can do it. Jack does't have the patience to learn Songs, especially not in a series of three-day lessons."

The two of them sat there for a few more minutes.

"Maybe they'll get bored and go away," Kai said, in a tone of great empathy if that was the case.

"They're guard dogs, not Ofanim. I don't think they're going anywhere."

Kai snapped a bit of branch off, and threw it out into the yard.

The dogs didn't move.

"Okay, scratch that plan."?
"We had a plan?"

"To outward appearances, nothing more than a stick, but in actuality, a cunning plan!"

"And the plan is?"

"Wait for Jack to come and rescue us?"

"Right." Sharon flicked bits of bark down at the dogs. "And he's going to save us how? Because if it was just a matter of taking the dogs out, you could manage that."

Kai looked affronted. "They're doing their jobs. It would be wrong to hurt them."

"Yes, well. What do you expect Jack to do?"

"I don't know. Something clever. He's a Windy, clever plans are their stock in trade."

"I thought chaos was--"

"Chaos, clever plans, either way." Kai swung up higher in the tree, until she could make out the sliver of moon through the branches. "Oh, hey. Phone!" She pulled out the cell phone. "Hello?"

Sharon moved into a more comfortable position to listen.

"Sitting in a tree with Sharon." A pause. "Because of the dogs beneath. They'd get aggressive if we tried to get down." A longer pause. "No, this one was Sharon's idea, though Jack helped in the execution of it. Not a bad plan, especially for someone new to this sort of thing, but we ran into a few -- well, yes. The dogs." Sharon grinned, and waggled her fingers at the dogs below. "I suppose I should. Catch you later."

"Mannie?" she asked, as Kai climbed lower again.

"Yeah. He worries too much."

"Mm. Far too much worry. Gets concerned just because you're stuck in a tree with a half dozen vicious dogs beneath you--"

"They don't look all that vicious. Kinda cute."

"Aside from wanting to rip us to shreds."

"On a purely professional level. I'm sure they're friendly dogs when introduced properly." Kai twitched, and pulled the phone out again. "I have to talk to one of the Sparkies about that zap on the silent setting -- Hello? Oh, Jack, yeah, we're stuck up a tree." Sharon couldn't make out what was being said on the other side. "Dogs, that's what we failed to notice, they're -- Well, yes, I did think you could take care of them. Friend of Man, man's best friend, you have a sort of personal connection, right?" Even in the dark, she could see the way Kai was grinning. "If you're going to be that way about it -- great. See you in a few."

"Jack's coming to save us?"

"Acquiring a few pounds of hamburger, and then, yes, coming to save us."

Sharon leaned back about the trunk. "And what if the dogs don't want hamburger?"

"I'm sure he'll work out--"

"A clever plan."

"Right."

Even though it changes the whole balance of riding, cuts down on how tight I can make my turns, how gracefully I can swing the fancy moves, I like having someone else behind me on the motorcycle. Two wheels and no walls make this kind of speed intensely personal, nearly as much as running, but on my feet I can only take myself along. On the bike, I can show another person all the motion spinning inside me.

Jack's car-of-the-day hovers in a dusty haze at the bend of the road ahead, then disappears around the corner behind trees. They've lined both sides of this highway with a thin veil of trees for hundreds of miles, as if they're ashamed of the clear-cut land and towns behind. It's a pretty enough illusion that I could almost not mind the deception. In a few minutes I'll have caught up enough to pass him, and then it'll be time for another tight turn slammed around the middle of the highway, back a few miles before another turn, and then off to catch him again. Jack and Sharon are happy to indulge me in my games, and even Nip, though she complains from time to time, doesn't hassle me much about these little indulgences. It's good to have friends.

Sharon leans forward, helmet touching mine so that she can be heard over the wind. "How far to the next place with a bathroom?"

The Symphony listens to my question, and rolls back a corner of the music to let me hear the melodic line I'm looking for. "Sixteen miles. Can you hold out that long?" Traveling with a human is a constant reminder of the things I need to remember when I settle down into a Role again. Eating, sleeping, and of course, stopping at bathrooms. For her part, Sharon's adapted well to traveling with people who don't need to worry about any of the above, and can fall asleep in the back seat of Jack's current car in five minutes flat. None of us have had the heart to tell her that she snores. Since Jack and Nip don't need to sleep, it doesn't matter, especially if Jack cranks the radio up. As for me, well, I prefer this bike to the car anyway.

"Oh, sure. So long as it's not fifty miles, I'm fine. Just didn't want you to pass it before I saw the signs coming up." Her head pulls away, though her arms remain wrapped around me.

Traveling around like this isn't the same as being back at my old job. Except for these three I see people a few days at a time, rush in and out of lives with barely a moment for greeting. No real sense of getting to know people, nothing like the years I spent at the community center. And yet it's like being more connected than ever. Twenty-four hours a day beside people who know exactly who I am.

I think they're glad I'm usually on the bike. They probably wouldn't be able to keep from killing me if we were all stuck in a car together for weeks on end.

"Hey, Sharon," I call, "want to try driving after the next stop?"

Her helmet clacks against mine. "Thanks, but no thanks. Not after last time."

"As you'd like." We got her broken arm taken care off within a few hours of frantic calling around for someone who knew the Song of Healing, but these things seem to bother humans more than they bother me. Of course, most humans don't try to beat down demons nearly so often as I do, so that could have something to do with it.

A zap in my pocket makes me twitch. Apparently it would have been too prosaic to give the phone a vibrate mode; instead, when I can't hear it, I get to set it to zap. Sparkies have a weird sense of humor. I pull off to the side of the road, beneath the criss-crossing branches of gorgeous, entirely imported trees.

"Problem?" Sharon asks, yanking her helmet off a moment after I do.

"Phone." I manage to pry the cell phone out of my pocket, from under a wad of cash. I don't know why Jack keeps giving me money; I never know what to do with it, except buy gas and new socks.

"Oh, right." She walks towards distant trees to give me privacy. Most of the time I wouldn't mind if she listened in, but she has peculiar ideas about what she shouldn't overhear.

There's no name coming up my caller ID, which is weird, but for all I know Mannie got a new phone. "Hello?"

"Kai," says a voice I haven't heard in... long. Too long. "How's it going?"

I have to search to find my voice again. "Pretty decent, Boss. I'm planning on heading back to work in about another month, that's how long they said it would take for it to be safe, but I can get there sooner if you want--"

"Don't worry about it, kid. I have something else for you to do."

I've been planning out my return for half a year. Plans melt away like shaved ice on hot pavement. "Okay. What's up?" I want to wrap myself up in that voice and ask a thousand questions, but... work is work. The Boss didn't send me down to Earth so that I could take care of my own wants first.

"A new Tether's forming, and it needs help getting on its feet. I want you to watch out for it and make sure it doesn't dissolve before it can be stabilized."

"One of yours?" A whisper in the back of my head gives me an arrow to the location, a brief image of the outside of a building. Doesn't look like anything creative, but how much can you tell from appearances?

He chuckles. "Probably not. Think you can handle it?"

"I'll do my best, Boss."

"Keep up the good work."

Nothing left but a pleasant hum, this phone's equivalent of a dial tone. I will not bother the Boss. He has too much to do without listening to my questions, asking about things he obviously doesn't want to explain to people like me--

I hit call-back.

No such number.

Don't know if I want to laugh or cry. I settle for snapping the phone closed, and putting it back into my pocket. And then tight pacing around a broken branch on the ground until Sharon returns.

"Who was that?" she asks, in the not-quite-interested voice that's supposed to indicate she's okay with it if I don't want to answer.

"That was the Boss. I have a new job to do." When I lost my old Role, it felt like free fall, scrambling to grab anything on the way down. I've been trying to get back to the right place at the right time for months, and now... I hit the ground and found the pavement got replaced with a pool of jello when I wasn't looking. My mind can't process this yet. "I'll explain when we catch up with Jack and Nip."

"They're how far ahead of us now?" She climbs onto the motorcycle behind me, adjust the chin-strap on her helmet.

"Oh ye of little faith. It's not far when I'm driving." I push as much acceleration out of the bike as it can handle, cutting off a semi in the process of merging back onto the highway. Sharon figures out that I don't want to talk, and settles into the seat, arms around me.

By the time I catch up with Jack's car to give them the "pull over at the next stop" signal, I've mostly worked through this in my head. Plenty of angels go through one Role after another as circumstances demand, or different jobs for the same Role; the way I stayed in one place for decades isn't unusual, but it's not what most everyone does, either. My Boss needs someone to do a job, he figures I'm the best one for it, or the most convenient, so, it's all good. I don't know if the task he's pointed me at will take three weeks or three decades. No matter. He knows me better than I know myself. If he tells me to do this, it's because he knows I can handle it.

I arrive at the rest stop while Jack's car is pulling in, backwards, from the exit. Sharon and I claim a picnic table out of the way of casual listeners while Jack goes after the vending machines. Of all the Choirs to get a junk food addiction, Mercurians make the most sense, but I'm boggled by the things he'll eat. I still don't want to know what the furry pink lumps are made of, no matter how hard he tries to convince me there's chocolate inside.

Nip drops down beside Sharon at the table, while I pace around. "Inside the building, there's a desk, and two men in neat, formal uniforms. They offered me a map of the state, recommended various brochures, and asked if there was anything else they could assist me with. I checked inside the restrooms. Cleanest, most modern ones I've seen in a month."

"And?" Sharon smiles up at Jack as he returns, takes the soda he offers. "Thanks. So what's so weird about that?"

"The last rest stop we were at in this state had filthy restrooms, decaying picnic benches, litter everywhere, and not so much as a security guard. Aren't these all run by the same organization? I can't reconcile the two."

Jack slaps Nip on the back. "That's life for you. If it made twice as much sense, it would be half as much fun."

"That's one way of looking at the matter." The Seraph frowns, gnawing over another oddity of the corporeal plane.

"That aside," says Sharon, "what was the phone call about?"

"Got a call? I was wondering where you'd disappeared to." Jack passes me a package of something greasy and an unnatural shade of yellow; I toss it into the nearest garbage can. "Hey, those were perfectly good."

"For excruciatingly unnatural and unhealthy definitions of good." I sit on the edge of the table, since Nip complains that it makes her head hurt if she tries to watch me while I'm pacing and talking at the same time. "So, yeah, phone call. From the Boss."

"Wait a minute," Sharon says. "From your boss? Isn't he... um." She snaps open the can of soda and releases a shower of fizz over herself. "Jack!"

"Hey, you have a clean shirt in the car," he says, entirely unrepentant.

"Bastard." She slugs him in the arm, not very hard. I think it's some sort of courtship ritual for her age group and gender, though I'm not adept at reading humans when it comes to sex and romance. Definitely not my area of expertise. No doubt Jack knows what's going on. "Anyway," she continues, licking soda off her fingers between words, "I thought he didn't call, these days. Something changed?"

"Nothing major. I think." I would have heard if the Boss had come walking back into his Cathedral in Heaven, ready to explain what his big plan had been all along, or grinning mysteriously when asked about it. "But he has a new job for me to do."

"How long is it going to take?" Nip asks.

"Don't know. A few days, a few months, a few years... I expect you'll want to drop me off at the place. It's not too far from here; we can get there by midnight."?
"So you're finally moving on." Jack methodically shreds pieces of junk food packaging into smaller shreds.

"I don't work for the same Word you two do. And I shouldn't get into a rut, right?"

Jack stands up. "Guess not." He stalks off abruptly towards the vending machines again.

I can't stay sitting here. Back to pacing around the table. Nip's unusually free of acerbic commentary. After a moment, she says, "I'll return." She follows after Jack, hands in her pockets.

"Didn't mean to upset people." I think I have, though. Jack used to drop by my apartment once a month or so, crash on the couch and tell wild stories of his latest adventures, dragging in whoever he happened to be traveling with, then leave in the middle of the night, nothing but empty wrappers scattered across the floor and new antivirus software installed on my computer to show he'd been there. Why's he acting like this now?

Sharon turns her soda can around between her hands. "He'll get over it. Sit down for a minute, would you?"

"Sure." I sit down in the center of the table and pick at splinters from where the paint's chipped off the wood. "What do you think about this?"

"Hey, you get a job from your Boss, you go do it. I've worked out that much by now, even if I still have trouble with some stuff. Like trying to make plurals of the words... I mean, why the hell is it Impudites but Malakim?" She takes a drink from the can, and makes a face. "I'd mind the trick cans less if they didn't leave me with flat soda."

"So." I can tell when someone's avoiding an issue, and Sharon's doing her own version of walking off in a huff. "What do you want to do?"

"I." She takes a deep breath. "I want to stay with Jack and Nip. I mean, I like you Kai, you're a great friend, and you're the one who got me involved in the first place, but..."

"But you like them too, and they're going to keep moving, happy to have you along, while I'm off doing something specific. And you don't know what part you'd have in that." She blinks at me. "I'm not quite as dumb as I come off, Sharon."

"I don't mean to ditch you..."

I laugh. "Oh, come on. I'm the one ditching, if anyone is. If you're happy with them, and they're happy to have you along, what's wrong with that?"

"You don't mind?" Her shoulders straighten. "Because, I mean, if you do--"

"No, really. Don't worry about it. I'm used to seeing my friends weeks or months or years apart, and working on my own. I don't know how much I could help you, not while trying to do my job too. With them, you might end up a proper Soldier of God." I refrain from mentioning that having a bunch of Windies creating their usual brand of mayhem is unlikely to be good for a developing Tether; sneaky they may be when they want to, but Windies seldom keep quiet for long.

"That'd be -- well, I don't know. Maybe." But she smiles as she says it. "I've already learned interesting things. How to pick a lock, hotwire a car, walk nonchalantly past security when I'm guilty of something, distract attention from a crime... You know. Useful life skills."

"And I'm willing to teach you how to ride a motorcycle, if you want another lesson this evening on the way there."

"In the dark? I don't think so. I'll stick to being the getaway driver and all-purpose distraction."

It's been at least a minute; I slide off the table, do a quick spin in the grass. "Did I ever tell you that Jack was the one who taught me how to ride a motorcycle? We used to run around together as relievers, I showed him a few things. When he got around to fledging, he stopped by to return the favor."

"You've known him a long time, then."

"Since he was nothing but three Forces held together with enthusiasm, yeah. Not that I was much more myself. It's kinda like the kid you met back in kindergarten, and always kept in touch with. Half the time you were best friends, half the time you barely said hi in passing, but there's always that knowing the other person's around." If I want to keep talking I can't go far, so it's around and around the one table, a single oval path to move through. "Some times I didn't see him for months, years at a shot." Hair falls in my face when I shake my head; I need to hack it short again. "He was always the one running off to do something again. Don't know why he's upset this time." I can see Nip from here, Jack's hidden by the wall, and she's speaking in a tone low enough that I can't hear.

"Maybe because you're the one running off, instead of him." Sharon begins to pick apart the braid she's twisted her hair into. "He'll get over it."

"Yeah." My pirouette feels half wrong. It's been too long since I spent much time dancing. "I think it rubs off on us."

"What does?"

"Human perspectives. There are angels out there who have performed one task, or stood in one place, for millennia. Concepts like loneliness or boredom don't come up for them. It's their job, they do it. Simple. Spend a few decades with mortals, watching people born, growing up, dying, how much things can change between two people in a few months apart... It rubs off. Whether you want it to or not. At first because you need to act the same way to not stand out, and then it's just... natural." I stop, and wrap my arms around myself. "I don't think it's a bad thing. But it can get weird at the edges."

"And you've just hit an edge."

"Yeah. Full on." I let go of myself, spin my arms free. "I'm going to go grab a few brochures."

"Want to explore the beautiful natural resources of this fine state?"

"Nah. I want to make paper airplanes."

The two men inside are just as Nip described, and are more than happy to fill my hands with as much glossy paper as I want. I fold my favorite design on the way back outside. "Hey," I ask Jack, when I reach him, "got a dime? I need to weight the nose for this to fly in a straight line."

He searches his pockets. "Used most of my change on the vending machines. How about a nickel?"

"Too heavy. Have a penny?"

"Nah, I toss those. They're no use."

"I have a dime," says Nip. She passes it over, and I ceremonially slot it into the place waiting for it in the plane.

I sling the plane out with all the strength I have, and it flies as straight and true as I've ever managed. Out across the picnic tables, past the parking lot, over to the highway, in through the open window of a truck rumbling by.

"Damn," says Sharon. "That's one good paper plane."

"I owe you a dime, Nip."

"Don't worry about it. I can get another."

Sharon yawns, a little theatrically; she's still working on the fine art of acting, and hanging around a Seraph is no help. "If we're stopping somewhere tonight, I'm grabbing a nap while I have the chance. Didn't get any sleep last night, thanks to someone's refusal to turn off the radio."

"They were having an Eagles marathon. Can't turn off the radio during Hotel California," Jack protests. We meander back towards the car in a roundabout route, Nip deftly swiping someone's cell phone on the way. "It's the great American song."

"Hasn't a patch on The Day The Music Died," I say. "Though I'll grant Hotel California does some nice things musically."

"The Music Died?" Sharon asks. "I don't know that one."

"Of course you know that one. Everyone's heard it. Bye, bye, Miss America Pie..." I sit down on the motorcycle, and shake my head. "Surely you've heard it somewhere."

"Oh, wait, the song Madonna did a while back?"

Jack and I stare at her.

"Let us never speak of this again," Jack says.

"Agreed." I pull my helmet on. "North for about eighty miles, and then we're heading west. Think you can keep up?"

"So long as you remember not to cut across any places a car can't drive, sure."

"Hey, I only did that once."

"Three times," says Nip.

"Well. Three times. Don't worry, I'll stick to roads."

I love sunsets on the road. Don't get me wrong, I love all sunsets, nearly as much as sunrises, but it's an extra special touch to drive towards the sun as the Earth whirls away in the opposite direction beneath me. When I was a lot younger I couldn't figure out why the corporeal plane didn't work like a treadmill, everyone needing to run in place to stay still, with the way the planet keeps spinning about. Later on an Elohite explained to me that the whole place is one big wheel, and you aren't standing in place. The stars running by overhead show you that.

I wonder if there's an Angel of Stars, and if so, what it does. Does anyone travel to the other planets, or further? I know Janus has a tether out on Jupiter, but I wonder if somewhere out in the empty stretches of space Ofanim of Jean are soaring through a long, lonely voyage towards distant stars.

Even at this speed, I can't outrun the sunset, and eventually I'm driving in the dark, the headlights on Jack's car two bright spots in my mirrors. Even with the streetlights that line parts of the highway, I can make out a fair number of pinpricks in the sky. The moving one's probably a plane, but for every other, a chance at a new set of worlds. Did God set up life on other planets? Somewhere out in space, there might be a whole different war going on, or maybe a place where there was no Fall, where all the angels wait in their Heaven for the souls to arrive, give counsel to the dead, have no reason to spend centuries on that planet combating the forces of evil. I'll have to ask an Elohite how likely that is; they're the sort to consider these things.

I wonder if it's wrong that I enjoy the corporeal plane so much. Without the initial rebellion and Fall, I don't think angels would have gotten down here much. It's not wrong to appreciate what good can come out of evil, is it?

Once we hit the city I take the lead and try not to let their car fall behind, zipping down side streets and roundabout ways to avoid Friday night traffic. The address I've been given sits solidly in the middle of a bad part of town. Older buildings starting to crumble, newer buildings cheaply made, more graffiti, fewer working streetlights. I roll to a stop in an alleyway near the place. Neighborhood like this, I'm going to need some way of locking up my bike if I want to keep it. But then, anyone who takes it probably needs it more than I do.

Jack's car is smoking when they grind to a halt by the red-painted curb. "We're out of gas," Nip says, clambering out of the driver's seat; she must have convinced Jack to let her drive. Seraphim of the Wind can be so good at convincing you to do things it's scary, even without being able to lie. "We ought to get another car." She grins at me. "I could try to teach you how to hotwire one."

"Not my area of study, thanks." Keys for the motorcycle in my hand, and there's no way I'm going to be able to keep it for long around here, so I pass them over to Nip. "Here. Find a good home for my bike. I'm sure you know people who would appreciate it."

"So you're really planning on staying." Jack's out of the car now, nearly shadowy in the night. The nearest functioning streetlight is a block away, and all the windows above us have curtains or blinds drawn. "What if you're done in two days?"

I find a triangle path to take from alley's mouth to car to telephone pole. "I don't think it's going to wrap up that soon, Jack. The last time the Boss gave me a job, I was in one place for decades. I'll be sticking to this one until I hear I should be doing otherwise." Unless I botch the job and end up with a baby Tether shredded before it can be stabilized, or worse yet, leading straight to some principality of Hell. "If I'm at loose ends, I know how to get a hold of you."

"We can wait here for three days," Sharon says. "That's how the rules go, right?"

Two Windies and an enthusiastic friend of theirs, stirring up chaos in this area for three days. I'll be lucky if there's a Tether left to guard. "It... might be better if you headed on. I need to keep things quiet."

"A Tether?" Jack shakes his head. "They're useful enough, but I never got the idea of babying them. Let them spring up where they can hold, and last as long as they ought to. Doesn't look like a place for Creation, anyway."

"Appearances can deceive," says Nip. She runs a hand along my bike. "Thanks, Kai. I will try to take care of it."

"Well, I'm not leaving you here on your own without anything," Jack says, and heads back to the car to dig through the bag he's been carrying around the last few weeks, full of whatever items he takes a fancy to. He returns with a shoebox that he shoves into my hands. "Happy birthday. Don't open it, don't open it, it's not much of a surprise if you open it now. Wait until we're gone."

Sharon gives me a quick, awkward hug. "Write, or something. Okay?"

"I'll do that." I need to find out what sort of celestial community this city has, work out where this Tether is and what's making it. Somewhere along the way I'll find time to toss a note towards one of the Windy remailers or couriers. "Be careful, and remember, don't attack demons until they're distracted by something."

"Hey, I carry a baseball bat for a reason, and I've gotten really good at shouting 'Look! It's the Archangel Laurence!' and then hitting them when they turn." Sharon claims the shotgun seat, and Jack's already starting the car, having said as much as he wants to.

"I'll miss you," says Nip. She pulls my helmet on, and starts the bike. "Try not to get killed." She's gone before I can respond, roaring down the street with the smoking car lurching behind. They'll make it to some parking lot near an exclusive club, find a car they like better, and be off again in another hour.

I'm going to miss them too.

I walk the rest of the way to the building the Boss showed me. One streetlight glows on the corner, just enough light for me to make out the words above the big front doors. Half the letters are gone, leaving pale images behind, as if the title has been frozen mid-flicker. Larch Street Community Center. I'm not sure what a larch is. The doors must have been pretty once, but they're covered in graffiti and carvings, and there's a heavy chain padlocked across the front.

Not the entrance for me. I scout around the side of the building, but every window is covered in boards, every door chained shut. How could a place like this be a Tether to anything? No one can get inside. Even if human belief began to build up around the place, I can't imagine it would be anything angelic. But if this were dissolving into an infernal Tether, the Boss wouldn't have asked me to watch it.

If I to need to break into the place just to find the Tether, maybe I shouldn't have sent the Windies away.

The decrepit community center stretches up six stories. Either this was some community center in its time, or people lived at the top. I stuff the shoebox Jack gave me into my backpack. It rattles on the way in. Then I find a stretch of nicely lined-up windowsills, dig my shoes into the cracks of the brick, and scramble my way up to the top.

The roof's flat, with a short wall stretching around the edge. I walk through broken remains of what must have been rooftop gardens, around a bird coop with a door listing from one rusted hinge. No sign of recent human activity.

And, finally, what I'm looking for: a single door at the top, merely locked, so weathered that the area around the door knob has begun to decay. If I take my time working on it, I can pry the lock open without disturbance. But not in the middle of the night, with all the windows boarded up. Morning light will keep me from doing something stupid, like falling through rotting stairs and breaking my neck.

Which leaves me with an entire night of boredom. Fortunately, I know someone who can keep me entertained. I choose a pacing pattern near the center of the roof, where no one from the street or neighboring buildings will be able to see me. Then it's time to sort through my phone book (I will not check for new numbers added when I wasn't looking, because there are none) and call.

The phone on the other side picks up. "Hello! You have reached the office of Emmanuel, who is not here right now! If you would like to leave a message, please do so at the beep!" The reliever on the other side counts quietly to three. "Beep!"

"Hi, Maharang. I take it Mannie's in a meeting?"

"Don't you want to leave a message?" The reliever sounds disappointed. "I can memorize it! And I'll write it down, too!"

"Sure, kid. Let Mannie know I called, and have him call me back when he has a minute, okay?"

"I have written it down. And I put the note on top of his coffee mug, so he'll be sure to see it. Anything else I can do for you, Kai? I'm becoming more responsible, you know. I'm learning about quantum physics! It's very interesting!"

"I'm sure it is. Actually, you could do my a favor. Do you have internet access of your own yet?"

"I do! Mannie says I can use his computer whenever I want so long as I tell him when email's coming through. He doesn't like computers much. I don't know why. I think they're keen!"

"I'll bet you do. I'd like you to look up something for me, if you know how to find the information; it might not be readily available. I have an address; I need you to look into the history of this building. I think it used to be a community center, but I don't know how long it's been closed, or why. Also, I'd like to know what a larch is. Think you can do that?"

"I can try! I'll do my best."

"I'm sure you will." I pass on the information I've been given, spend time exploring the roof further. A rusted watering can sits by a spigot that doesn't release any water when turned. In the corner of one garden, a large clay pot has cracked, dirt washed down to the level of the piece missing. There was a tree of some sort planted there, but it's dead and dry now, little more than a stick with roots exposed. Did someone plant this tree and care, or was it part of some garden that no one remembered after the center was closed? I break off a dry twig, and remains of bark crumble in my hand.

"A larch is a conifer that loses its leaves in the fall. Isn't that weird? But finding out more about that building is hard. I'm going to get help!" The phone clatters down on the desk when Maharang drops it, and while the reliever's fluttering off to get whoever it considers help for this task, the speaker rests near enough some speaker that I can hear music. Never noticed music when I used to ambush Mannie in his office, but at this volume, he might have had it on without me noticing. After a moment, I place the piece that's on right now; the end of Wagner's Ring Cycle, as the ring is returned to the Rhine maidens. Given when he first hit Earth, I'm not surprised Mannie's a fan of the classics.

I've found old pigeon nests and a deflated child's ball when Maharang returns to the phone. "Okay! I found someone to help, but it looks like that place has been shut down for years and years. Says that it closed due to, um, financial difficulties and lack of interest, and there was something about a lease not being renewed, and! There was a director of the place who'd disappeared around that time. Does that help any?"

"Actually, yes." Mysterious disappearances, financial trouble, lack of interest... It could be nothing at all, or it could be an old Tether worn down by demonic attacks, trying to build itself back up again. Though that wouldn't explain why the Boss would send me off to guard a Tether not even connected with Creation. What sort of intense human belief builds up around a place dead this long, and why would it start now? "Thanks for looking into it. Good luck with the quantum physics!"

"Thanks!"

I pace the rooftop for another half hour. The neighborhood is dead quiet, except for when a car speeds through with windows down and radio blasting. An argument breaks out half a block away, voices raised in anger and indignation, but a door slam cuts that off before I can make out any words. I liked my old community center better, a sprawling building surrounded by a park, not far from the local college. We had a pond full of overfed ducks, and -- the boss doesn't want me to go back there. I screwed up, my Role got toasted, if he wants things to work out he'll send in someone who's not going to be drawing in unwanted elements.

It hurts, all of a sudden, because I know I screwed up, and I was meaning to go back and fix things, but the Boss knows better, and apparently I can't fix things. Someone else has to do it for me. The best I can do is to get out of the way, let that angel do the job right, and... work on this instead.

At least the Boss still trusts me enough to give me this job. I am not going to mess up this time around.

The phone zaps me. Must remember to switch that back to the ring setting. "Hello?"

"I got the message Maharang left, that you'd called," says Mannie. "More precisely, I, ah, fished it out of my coffee, but I'm reasonably sure the ink's not toxic, even if you could poison someone in Heaven. I see it's time to have another discussion with it about the way moisture affects the structural integrity of absorbent, rigid materials."

Earlier in this Role I used to call Mannie my boyfriend, as an excuse for calling him with regular updates. The term's kinda stuck, though I'm not sure how well it applies to the relationship between an Ofanite and Bright Lilim, especially now that we're not often on the same plane. It's a weird, human term, but I can live with using it. Regardless of what we choose to call it, he's my best friend, for all that he's an arrogant workaholic with enough issues to fill a few library shelves. But then, I'm distractible, not dreadfully bright, and enough of an optimist to make certain people twitch, so I figure it's a fair trade of annoying quirks. "Good to hear from you too. Long meeting?"

"You have no idea. We're trying to arrange for some work to be done in the Marches, but Blandine is, bless her sweet Archangelic self, being obstructionist and uncommunicative, to the point that Teresa's started muttering every time she sees Menunim walk by. And the project isn't urgent enough to work around her without any help from angels with recent experience in the Marches, so this is taking three times as long as it ought. Don't these people understand the importance of science?"

I lean back against the wall next to the door, to watch the stars overhead. If I squint, I can almost see them moving. "Admit it. You love it."

"...well. Yes. But I could do with more cooperation between various organizations. Not that the level of hostility has reached what I was accustomed to having from my partners on a given project. Nonetheless, I'd expect angels to be more, ah, angelic."

"Just because everyone wants to do the right thing for the greater good doesn't mean everyone agrees as to what that is." Not many stars to see from the middle of a city, though the lack of lights in this area helps. I wonder if ambient light still causes the same problems if you have a telescope to work with, or if you can kinda see beyond the light pollution. I'll have to ask Mannie about that some time. "I mean, look at the Judges and Warriors. One little trial a while back, and not even a conviction or anything, and they're still holding grudges. I don't get politics, I really don't."

"It probably doesn't help your comprehension of such that you hold unusual opinions about Judges, Kai."

"Hey, they're by and large good people doing a tough job." I push away from the wall to get back to pacing. "Which reminds me, if I end up staying here long, I ought to send someone a note so that they can send a triad my way. I haven't been questioned about my recent activities in months, not since we ran into that one Judge over in Vancouver. He was awfully nice about it, too, even though he had to ditch the suit." I still send notes to my old triad from time to time, though not as regularly as I ought; traveling with the Wind doesn't lend itself to a lot of stopping at Tethers.

"You're stopping somewhere?"

"Oh, right! I forgot to mention. The Boss called. I have a new job to do." Better than ice cream or flying, to be able to say that. Even better than coffee.

"Ah." Scratching on paper at the other end. "Kai, you might want to consider not mentioning that to Judgment. As far as they know, you're still running around with Jack."

"But I'd like to meet up with a triad again. Helps me keep doing what I'm supposed to be. They're good at reminding me when I'm getting too distracted by other stuff." And I like knowing that someone will notice if I go missing. It's lingering paranoia to think about things like that, there's not anyone out to get me by this point, and that's the sort of thing I need to talk about with a triad. Can't let a few bad experiences start dictating my actions. "Besides, if the Boss meant for this to be a secret, he'd have told me, right?"

"I suppose so." Mannie doesn't sound convinced, but he has a low opinion of Judgment. Probably comes from being more familiar with the Game. "What does he have you doing?"

"Watching out for a baby Tether, though it's not a Creation one. The Boss didn't give a lot of details on why he wanted me keeping it safe, but I'll figure that out as a I go along. Or not. He doesn't always bother with explanations."

"You have a remarkably high tolerance for knowing nothing about the purpose of your assignment."

"Comes with the Word I work for. These days." I find myself back by the little dead tree. A cold wind's picked up, leaving me glad for the jacket I'm wearing. "Anyway, you don't need to worry. This place is quiet, I intend to keep it that way, and there's unlikely to be anything serious to worry about."

"Kai, you managed to lose a foot in Milwaukee."

"I got it reattached!"

"Milwaukee, Kai. I have no doubt you could walk into a Zen temple for meditation, and half an hour later there would be a demon dead in the middle of the floor with a bamboo mat stuffed down its throat, and you'd be stumbling outside covered in blood saying something ridiculously cheerful. Allow me to indulge in some needless worrying on your account. And do call if anything dangerous comes up."

"Come on, Mannie, I can take care of myself. And you have other work to do than to watch out for me." I wonder if there's any bit of this tree, hidden down in the dirt, that could be resurrected. Or seeds dropped on the ground. A Seneschal of Flowers told me that some seeds could germinate decades, centuries after being dried and left somewhere cool. He was using it as a metaphor for bringing a demon back to the light of Heaven after a lifetime of serving Hell, but I think he meant it literally too.

"So consider it a hobby of mine. People keep telling me I should have one."

I laugh, spin a circle around the broken pot. That much I can fix with glue and patience. "Fair enough. I would have suggested taking up the violin again, but worrying seems more your thing."

"And I have it down to an art form."

He's only joking, but you can make an art out of nearly anything. "Gotta start somewhere, Mannie. You could end up writing the definitive work on the art of worry. Its history, development, refinement, techniques, different schools of thought on how it should best be approached..."

I finally get a chuckle out of him. He needs to smile more often. For someone who enjoys his work so much, he spends an awful lot of time frowning at things. I think it's his way of showing he's taking things seriously. "Maybe I'll get around to that when I have the time."

"You never have the time. And you're about to say you need to get back to work."

"I'm afraid so, Kai. I don't multitask very well."

"Hey, everyone needs a single character flaw."

"Only one? I'll have to speak with the person in charge of inventory. It seems I've been allotted too many." Someone else's voice in the background, probably Nosha; Teresa never sounds that cheerful. "And now I need to get back to work."

"Talk to you later."

That's the last of my calls for the night. I slide down cross-legged against a patch of wall, and pull out the shoebox. "Happy birthday to me." I don't know the date my Forces first stuck together and sent me zipping through the Halls of Creation, but I first stepped down onto the corporeal plane in the spring, and I'll count that as close enough.

Item number one, if I can call it one item: handfuls of cash. I sort through the bills, stop counting after the first stack of fifties and hundreds puts me over a thousand. Entirely like Jack. Item number two, an ugly little relic we picked up when we ran into (well, over) an Impudite of Death. None of us are sure what Song it's for, though we have figured out it can hold four notes of Essence. Don't know what I'll do with that, not when I'm trying to keep from making disturbance, but maybe I can trade it to some other angel in the city for help with my job.

Item number three is what makes me wonder, when I find it at the bottom of the shoebox under a wad of blood-stained twenties. A little silver key, with a wind-blown tree etched into the head. I haven't seen Jack use this in years, he'd laugh at the idea of needing it for ordinary purposes, but why would he give me his skeleton key? I don't even serve the Wind. I have no right holding onto a talisman made by Windies for opening mundane and infernal locks alike.

The key slides into the lock on the rooftop door. I wiggle it around for a moment, trying to remember what I've been taught about lock-picking, and the lock clicks open, just like that. I shut the door, latch it again. The stairs down are too black a maw for comfort tonight.

I can't give it back now that he's gone, and I'm not about to trust something like this to the mail. No wonder he wouldn't let me open the box until he'd left.

There's nothing left to do but pace along the rooftop and wait for sunrise.

I set up my surveillance system when I grew tired of having Judgment Servitors appear in my office without warning. From the way they walk, stiff in the spine and trying not to look around, this set is dreadfully young. A brand new triad, sent out to observe a Bright Lilim in its natural habitat. Far more entertaining than the stolid Judges who come by less frequently to ask me serious questions.

"Mannie," says Maharang, darting in through the reliever flap in my office door, "there's a triad coming down the hall--"

"I saw them already, but thank you." I switch from official work to one of my personal projects, and tap at the timer on my desk. If I'm going to be disturbed, I'm very well going to count it as break time, since my supervisor insists I take daily breaks. "Did you want to watch?"

"Oh, quite!" The reliever climbs up to the top shelf of my bookshelf, and sits down on one of Newton's works. "I'll be quiet."

I flick off the video feed on my computer when the triad, standing outside my door, works up the courage to knock. A three-count, and then I hit the switch to open the door. Five pairs of eyes blink at me as I swivel my chair around. "Come in. Is this going to take long?"

"Oh," says the Cherub, a big black dog with wings so fluffy they're ridiculous on a Judge, "he's really a--" The Elohite claps a hand over the Cherub's mouth before she can finish the sentence.

"Emmanuel, Bright Lilim of Lightning, we greet you. We only have a few questions," says the Seraph.

I indicate the one other chair in the office. The three of them share glances, then finally the Seraph coils into the seat, with one of her companions on either side.

"Well," I say, tilting my chair back slightly, "who's come to see me today?"

"Servitors of the Most Just," says the Seraph, pulling herself up very straight from her coils. A young triad indeed.

"And what a curious phrase that is, don't you think?" I can hear Maharang's stifled giggle from the shelf above me.

"...what phrase?" asks the Seraph, blinking its eyes in pairs.

"Most Just. Applying a superlative to justice assumes a sliding scale, from least to most, rather than a binary form where something is just or not. Now, in math, if I ask what two plus three is, and receive a range of answers, there's only one correct answer, and anyone who's missed it is wrong, anyone who's found the answer is right, no comparison beyond that. To be the Most Just, one declares justice to have varying degrees of rightness, and that Dominic has a degree higher than anyone else. Which therefore means everyone else, by necessity, is to some degree unjust."

"That's... not quite how it works," says the Seraph, now blinking its eyes all out of sync with each other. "It's. Um. It's."

"One might even further consider that by this phrasing, the Archangel of Judgment places himself above all other entities which might be measured in terms of how just they are. Which means either Dominic ought to be considered more just than God, or that God cannot be measured at all in terms of justice. Either conclusion would be interesting to investigate, especially in light of Michael's trial for pride. Don't you think so?"

"Um," says the Seraph.

The Elohite frowns. "An error in logic. If there is a highest point of some quality, having reached it does qualify someone for 'most', even if others have also reached that same point. Furthermore, any superlative must be considered in the context of what set it refers to, and the phrase in question does not, in fact, explicitly define this set. In order to form any positive superlative at all, one must nearly always assume that God is, by definition, removed from the set examined."

"Very good," I say. "The Elohite gets the metaphorical cookie. So, what can I do for you kids today? Standard set of questions?"

"Um," says the Seraph. "Yes. Standard set of questions. That's why we're here. To ask you the aforementioned set. Of questions." She still seems unsettled, and if a moment of wordplay can shake her up this much, it's a good thing they have her training in Heaven. I'll never be able to break the brains of Seraphim as well as Kai does entirely on accident, but I find my amusement where I can.

I assure the three of them that I haven't engaged in any significant heresy of late, I've been dutifully working at the assignments given me by my Superior, I'm not staying in contact with anyone I knew in Hell, and every other usual answer. When the list has been run through, the Seraph droops as if she's disappointed to not have caught me out in anything. "Those are all the questions, Most Holy," says the Cherub, as the Seraph searches for something else to ask.

"Um. Yes. They are. We'll... be going, then. Thank you for your time." The Seraph winds her way out the door.

"Did you want the cookie, before you go?" I ask the Elohite.

"No, but thank you for the offer." It nods politely to me before leaving.

The Cherub lingers. "Excuse me," she says, once the other two are out the door, "but if you don't mind... Can I see your wings?"

I can picture her as a reliever; she must have fledged most recently of the three. "Certainly." I stretch out my wings for her, give her a moment to admire the blue lightning fractals. Zif tells me that a little vanity won't hurt me, if I'm careful not to indulge . "Since the Elohite didn't want it, would you like the cookie?"

"What kind?"

I open the box I keep for relievers, young Judges, and Nosha. "Shortbread, with chocolate stripes."

"Oh, yes, please."

I toss the cookie into the air, and the Cherub snaps it up in her jaws. "You'd better hurry if you want to catch up with them."

"Yesh," says the little Judge, around a mouthful of cookie, and scampers out the door.

Nosha enters the office as the Cherub exits. "Mannie," it says, dropping into the vacated chair, "have you been taunting the Judges again?"

"Would I do something like that?" I pass it a cookie from the box. The Elohite arches its brow at me. "It's not like I'm filling their heads with thought experiments like your Choir does. Some of those are beyond me. It's nearly enough to make me wish I were an Elohite."

"Only nearly?" Nosha grins. "Who wouldn't want to be part of the most objective Choir?"

"Seeing as that would mean I had once been a Habbalite, I'll pass, thank you."

"You have a point." Nosha nibbles around the edge of the shortbread. "We're finally making progress. Gariel has nearly managed to convince them that since we intend to pursue this experiment regardless of their opinions, they'll want to send someone along to watch us. Which won't make for the most hospitable guide, but we didn't expect hospitable from Dreams."

"Though you'd think Teresa did, from the way she's responding."

"She hasn't spent much time working with other organizations in Heaven; the hostility has come as something of a shock." It chuckles. "She sees it as aggressive, unreasonable, hostile obstruction. Sometimes I envy those who have never spent time in Hell."

I reflect upon how difficult it was to function alongside people supposedly my coworkers on a common goal, when I still worked for Vapula. "Agreed."

"And what's your Ofanite up to, these days?" Nosha reaches over to where I left the box and acquires another cookie. "Still traveling the world with a pack of Windies?"

"Actually, no. He's -- she's settled down somewhere." I weigh Nosha's reliability in my mind, and decide that while it won't keep a secret if it thinks telling would be more useful, it has a better grasp of ultimate objective good than I do. "Eli called."

"Really?" Nosha sits up straighter. "And did he ask Kai not to mention this to Judgment?"

"Apparently not. Which means that as soon as my batty little friend calls the nice Judges about this new assignment--"

"There'll be at least one group investigating. Wanting to know what Eli's up to." Nosha tilts its head. "I understood why Eli wouldn't give new tasks to a Servitor who fails to comprehend why it might not want to tell everything to Judgment when they ask. And now... I wonder if this was a deliberate attempt to direct attention towards an area, or if it's only something that won't be troubled by the sudden inclusion of several curious Judges."

"I wouldn't know," I say. "It's, ah, ineffable."

"Superiors with their lack of effability," Nosha says. "Always challenging." It finishes off the second cookie. "Would you like to come look at one of my personal projects? I've done all I can on our assignment before we leave, so I'm making use of the down time."

I check the break time I've used up, and how much I'm supposed to burn today. "Certainly. I'm only fiddling with numbers at this point. What are you working on?"

"My car. I'm having trouble integrating the two power sources properly. I might be losing power from inefficiencies in the electrical system that connects the two."

I follow the Elohite down the hallway, Maharang winging behind us. "Channeling atomic reactions can be tricky. What sort of wiring system did you choose to work with?"

"Classic, though I'm considering ripping it all out and replacing it with a modern set. The advantage of having it appear normal to casual under-the-hood inspection begins to be outweighed by the inconvenience of energy transforming into less speed than I'd like."

"You don't want that. I'll see what I can work out."

Half an hour later my phone rings while I'm elbow-deep in the engine. "Maharang, would you get that for me?" The reliever pulls out the phone and holds it up. "Hello?"

"They took their own sweet time about it, but we're finally going," says Teresa. Grumpiest Mercurian I've ever known, not that I know all that many. "I'll collect the equipment and meet you at Blandine's Tower. Is Nosha there with you?"

"Yes. I'll pass on the message." I begin to extricate my hands from the engine. "We'll meet you there."

"Good. It's about time."

Maharang drops the phone back in my jacket pocket. "You're going now? How long will you be gone? Can I come?"

"Yes, I'm not sure, and no." I wipe my hands off on the towel Nosha offers. "You're too young to go wandering through the Marches."

"I have five Forces! It's not so little!" Maharang attempts an indignant pose on the hood of the car, like a glaring fairy hood ornament. "I could be helpful! And... helpful! And stuff!"

"I'm sure you could, but we're heading out from Blandine's Tower, so I can't call it safe." The reliever remains unmoved, so I switch to another tactic. "Besides, you wouldn't want to miss your physics classes and fall behind, would you? Or your electronics club meetings? And you can't work on your project for the mousetrap car contest if you're on the ethereal plane in a place where physics doesn't work."

"Oh," says Maharang, defeated by my, ah, brilliant argument strategies. "In that case, I'll watch your office for you while you're gone, just in case any Windies come by!"

"You do that," I say. The chance of Servitors of the Wind getting that far into the Halls of Progress unnoticed and then escaping with items from my office is slim, but who am I to keep a reliever from feeling useful? I pick the reliever up from the hood, a world of trust and enthusiasm in my two hands. "Goodbye, Maharang. I'll let you know as soon as I get back."

"Try to make it back for the contest! I think I'm going to win." The reliever heads back to my office, while I follow Nosha off towards Blandine's Tower.

"Dealing with relievers is challenging," I say, once outside the Halls of Progress, as we follow a stone path towards the tower in the distance. "Attempting to convince someone to follow a course of action is simpler when the person has selfish desires." Being able to read what they want in their eyes makes the tactic even easier.

"I know what you mean," says Nosha. "Convincing a gremlin to do something is a matter of being larger than it is, and within grabbing distance. For a reliever? They want to be useful, and will pester you about it until you find something that fulfills this need for them. This requires more thought." It pokes me in the side. "Not that this a bad thing."

"Do I sound like I'm complaining?" I pause. "Fine, I did sound like I was complaining. But I'll take relievers over gremlins any day."

"Not the most nuanced rendition I've heard of the argument for Heaven over Hell, but a practical one," says Nosha. It smiles at people as we pass, and some smile back, while others give it the look one gives a chipper Elohite. "I'm glad you agreed to work on this project. You seem to have worked through your initial misgivings."

"A polite way to refer to my paranoia," I say. "The chances of encountering anyone in the Marches holding a grudge are slim, and I'll be in good company." I can see Teresa in the distance, waiting with boxes of equipment guaranteed to work as well in the Marches as it does in Heaven, except for when it doesn't. "Besides," I add quietly, "Zif would start asking awkward questions if she found out I let something like that interfere with work."

Nosha nods. After a few quiet steps, it says, "The chances of her coming out of Trauma soon are high."

"And the chances were even higher a few days after she went into Trauma, but she... hasn't. Still." I don't know what to do with my hands. Put them in my pockets, maybe, so that I'm not gesturing helplessly in the air. "When Kai was in Trauma, I researched all the statistics, correlations, theories. After the first few weeks, the statistics go haywire. The only sure thing is that most people come out of Trauma... eventually. Sometimes 'eventually' is a long time."

"In that case," says Nosha, "it's not worth worrying about. You can't help her by worrying." It slows down, keeping us away from other people a few moments longer. "Unless worrying helps you deal with the situation, somehow."

I laugh shortly. "Hasn't Kai told you? It's my hobby."

"That would explain so much about you," Nosha says, and puts on a bland expression to deflect my glare. "Let's not keep Teresa waiting. Wouldn't want her to explode in a feathery cloud of stress."

"You're sure?"

"Do you want to compile all the readings? I don't."

The Mercurian is a pale figure of annoyance, standing at the entrance. "You took long enough," she says. "They won't let me in until everyone arrives. And is anyone going to help me carry this?"

I pick up one of the boxes. "Sorry to keep you waiting."

"Whatever." She folds her arms, and all her feathers stick out at angles suggesting high stress levels. "I still say we should have dropped into the Marches from another direction and avoided this ridiculous bureaucratic roundabout."

"And gone wandering unaware through the land of dreams with no idea what to do there? I'm not sure if I should call that brave or stupid, but I'm leaning towards the latter." The Malakite who's appeared behind her gives us all a lazy once-over. "I can't disagree that the plan would have been preferable, as then I wouldn't have to leave my duties to shepherd you about. Let's see. Mercurian, Elohite, and Bright Lilim. How interesting. That seems to be everyone. Shall we go?"

Nosha nods, and takes the lead, while Teresa and I follow behind with boxes in hand. "My name is Nosha, and I'm in charge of this aspect of the project. Is there anything you'd like us to keep in mind for while we're working together?"

"If I tried to tell you how to deal with the Marches, I'd be talking for a year," says the Malakite. "Stick close, don't touch anything whether you think you recognize it or not, and we're unlikely to return to Heaven a celestial shorter than we left. My name is Amets, and I have the displeasure of being your tour guide for however long you poke at things best left untouched." He pauses in an inner doorway, and looks back at us expectantly.

"The name is Teresa, and I'm not impressed by the stonewalling we've been getting." I have no idea why people say Mercurians are good at tact and diplomacy. Perhaps they're talking about different Mercurians than the ones I've met. "We could have begun this stage a week ago if you all hadn't been so, so--"

"Please don't harass our escort," says Nosha mildly. Teresa shuts up.

"And you, Gifter?" Amets has spread his wings to cover the inner doorway. I don't know why he's so intent on taking care of introductions before moving on, but it's wise to indulge the locals.

"Emmanuel. Though most call me Mannie."

"And how long have you been what you are now?"

"Less than a year." It's a personal sort of question, but I'd rather he ask it than make assumptions about my more recent virtue based on what he's reading from me. "I believe I'm the only one of us three who's spent much time in the Marches."

"That's something." His wings tuck away behind him, and then he's a black-feathered blot advancing down the dark corridor.

I like the halls near my office. Straight lines, logical layout, well labeled, and well lit. This passage twists and turns as we follow it, and the irregular floor curves mostly, but not entirely, downwards. The light here barely suffices to show Amets's form as he stalks onward. I try not to remember my occasional flings with claustrophobia. Surely Dreamers must take a different route to the Marches when traveling from Heaven. Or is it only that this place, unfriendly to us, chooses to present itself so bleakly? Kai would find the shadows in rough stone walls beautiful; I find them unnerving.

Time and space stretch around me at the edges of perception, snap back into place silently. The next turn takes us to a doorway, and from there, to a foggy sky full of opaque bubbles, silver sand on the ground.

"Very much like it has been described to me," says Nosha, "but to see it is different." In this place where you are what you see yourself as, the genderless, smooth Elohite is a child, a girl with braided pigtails and sturdy overalls. I should have guessed that would be Nosha's favorite form, and here, where it makes no difference how the Elohite wishes to appear, as good a seeming as any other. For myself, an appearance of my vessel seems suitable.

Teresa is still her white-winged self, and turns around in a circle. "Where did he go?"

For a moment I can't see the Malakite either, but there he is, a figure difficult to make out. "He hasn't gone anywhere, Teresa," I say.

Amets laughs softly. "I told you to stay close. Lose me out here and you might never find me again. Shall we proceed? I've visited your destination twice, and the walk will take some hours."

At this part of the Marches, so near Blandine's Tower, walking is easy. Silver sand drifts around our feet, bubbles of dreamscapes glide past, and in the distance a flash or glimmer appears through the fog as angels of Dreams go about their work. Teresa's muttering dies off as we move along, and Nosha skips alongside the Malakite, braids dangling behind her. I can't help looking over my shoulder, up into the sky every so often... But whatever ethereals linger in this part of the Marches have no desire to approach us.

I check the time on my phone, and watch the minutes jump backwards, forwards. "Nosha, I know this is supposed to work in the celestial and corporeal planes. What about ethereal?"

She drops back to walk beside me. "That's late-model, so it should function here. But it's in beta. Why do you ask?"

"Because the time-tracking is going south. Is that a problem with the phone, or an aspect of the Marches?"

"I don't know. Possibly both. You'll want to submit a report to the group working on those once we get back." Nosha twists a braid around one finger. "I like the Marches so far. This is because we're still in a peaceful area, because I can take on a form I prefer, and because I'm in good company. I need to remember not to let this distract me. Would you help me with this?"

"What, you want me to tell you if you're too happy?"

"If I'm in danger of letting it affect my judgment, yes." Nosha skips backwards in front of me. "This is the first time I've been on the plane that corresponds to my preferred Force type. For all that I'm a celestial creature, it feels like home. But I don't know the area, and this is a dangerous reaction. So please watch for any signs of my objectivity slipping."

"I'll try, Nosha. Do you think this is going to be a serious problem?" I don't like the idea of being in charge of keeping the Elohite in line.

She grins. "Low probability, but I'm being extra-cautious to compensate for unknown factors." She turns around, searches for Amets, and skips alongside him.

The sign that we're passing from the Vale of Dreams to the Border Marches is that the dream bubbles fall back behind us, and then no longer pass us, leaving us walking on a beaten dirt road. Amets fades into more distinct view, and gestures us forward. "There's a checkpoint this way," he says.

Nosha watches the mist rolling overhead. "How can anyone try to contain so large an area? I wouldn't think you could pen dreams in like sheep behind a fence."

"With difficulty, Power. The open borders around the domain of Nightmares makes it no easier." A snarl ripples briefly across Amets's face. "Though it helps that we know any powerful creatures we find inside the Vale came through there, and can't be trusted, no matter how harmless they may seem."

"I suppose that's a useful conclusion," says Nosha, and I know the Elohite well enough to understand everything not being said in that sentence.

Two sets of black wings appear out of the fog, then the Malakim, sweeping down on us. I suppress the instinct to turn and run. As guards of this hazy border, they mean to appear intimidating and impressive, but they have no reason to quarrel with us.

Amets bows as they land. "Escorting a pack of Sparkies to an abandoned Domain in the Far Marches," he says, "to make sure they don't wander off and get eaten or destroy something important. Anything unusual been driven in the direction of the dry river recently?"

I can't imagine what one of these would call unusual in the Marches.

"Five ethereals traveling together along the road," says one of the Malakim, "but they left when confronted. They seemed more confused than aggressive; they must be new. Aside from that, no. This stretch has been quiet of late."

"Too quiet, or just quiet?" Amets asks.

The three Malakim converse for a few minutes, using classifications and terms I've never had cause to study. While I've spent time in the Marches, most of my interactions with ethereals were with those that had reached the corporeal plane, a different class from those who cling to human dreams. One of the guards gives me a sharp look during the conversation, when I've withdrawn to sit on boxes of equipment and can't hear what they're saying.

Teresa fumes. Nosha draws circuitry diagrams in the sand with one finger, then blows them away with a quick puff of breath. I reach into my pockets for a notebook, then recall that none of my notebooks in Heaven are artifacts, and can't leave the celestial realm.

No matter. The Marches are the stuff of thought and imagination. I pull a handful of sand up from the ground, bend it to what I want it to be. Notebook and pen twist themselves into temporary substance. It's enough for me to begin scribbling out reminders, notes, diagrams. When Kai is restless, pacing is the obvious solution. As for me, I write.

Amets returns to us. "As good a day as any other, to head into the Far Marches," he says.

We haul the boxes up, follow him off the road, while the two other Malakim silently watch.

The further we travel from the Vale, the more we see amidst the sand and fog. Buried skeletons of monstrous creatures, houses so long ruined there's nothing but foundation, a fraction of a wall still waiting for... I don't know what it waits for, or why it gives that impression, but the wall lingers in the mist in the corner of my vision when I'm long past it, hoping faintly that I'm the one it's waiting for.

We walk beside a dry riverbed for some stretch of time, Amets cautioning us not to step into it, but keep close to the edge where ground crumbles away. Nosha no longer skips, but walks quietly, examining what we pass without touching anything.

At some landmark only he recognizes, Amets stops. "We're leaving the river now," he says, "and now you need to stay close. It's not much further, but these are not friendly places."

"And here I was thinking the decaying remains we passed back there were a welcome mat," Teresa says. "Do they spend time teaching Servitors of Blandine how to sound foreboding?"

Amets shrugs. "If you get lost, I'll come back to look for you after I get everyone else to the Domain. But I wouldn't recommend it."

Six steps away from the riverbed, we're walking near a stand of tall pines. Cold wind gusts between the trees, batting my jacket around me. Amets continues walking briskly, one hand on a sword I hadn't noticed before.

Far beyond the trees, some creature shrieks. "Don't listen," Amets says quietly. "And don't stop."

It shrieks again, and again, but then we're beyond the trees, mist rolling behind us to hide sound and sight in an instant.

Amets stops, crouches down, and sweeps away sand, sending billows up into the air. "Nearly there," he says. Then he's pulling open a door in the ground. "It's down the stairs. As soon as the door closes the sand covers it again, so there's no need to worry about that being apparent from outside."

"That's not what I was worrying about," Teresa says, and follows Nosha into the hole in the ground.

I have reason to dislike dark places reached by descending stairs. Amets holds the door open, waiting for me. "Is there a problem?" he asks.

"Yes," I say, "but it's not yours." Down into the dark, and when he follows the last hazy light of the Marches disappears. There's no sound when the door shuts.

Stumbling blind after the sound of Nosha's footsteps, I walk through a touch, a taste, an impression of having been surrounded for an instant with water, and then I'm inside the Domain.

The light inside is so bright I can't see for a moment, and I twitch as something brushes against me. "Pardon," says Amets. "You were standing in the way."

My vision clears to... beauty.

Ten thousand pieces of machinery whirl above me, wires sparking, tubes rumbling, gears clanking against each other in perfect harmony. Every piece slots perfectly into the ones beside it, and the vast, glorious machine churns away, suspended in the air.

"Perpetual motion," says Nosha, and claps her hands together. "Only in a dream! Oh, this will be fun to study." She crouches down to run a finger along the ground, a pale yellow material. "Slight curvature. A sphere?"

"Yes," says Amets. "You can walk all the way around in any direction; gravity works in the direction of the floor, from the central point. Why you'd want to spend that much time on this thing is beyond me. The Domain is abandoned. We searched when we found it, as we were looking for something particular, and there's nothing alive in here."

"Except for the machine," says Teresa.

"I don't think it's alive. It's more scenery than personality. No honor reading." Amets seats himself neatly on the floor, and pulls out a whetstone. "Unless it wishes to run off and devour the dreams of humanity, I don't care, either."

If I stretch out my hand, I can come within a finger's width of touching a wire that vibrates overhead. "It's beautiful."

The Malakite snorts. "About what I'd expect from a Sparky." He begins sharpening his sword.

"Mannie, come look at this!" Nosha bounces up and down on her toes further along the curve of the sphere, and I recall what she said about being too happy. I stride over there, adjusting to the way gravity curves beneath me as the floor does.

"What did you find?" She's standing near a low set of taut wires, and they're a lovely part of the whole process, but nothing unusual that I can discern.

"Watch." She claps her hands firmly together, and the wires vibrate, then abruptly stop again. A flicker of light runs out of each of them, travels down strut to gear to -- I lose track of it in the whirl of the machine. "It's converting the vibrations back into... something else. Extra energy doesn't disrupt it, it's assimilated."

"Do you think it's alive and doing that consciously, or is it all programmed?" There are too many parts to see the center of the machine, though occasionally the way gears turn and pistons slam gives a glimpse inside.

"I don't know. Short of discovering if this thing has any Celestial Forces, I'm not sure there's a way to tell." Nosha turns to me, grinning. "Give me a lift, and I can climb inside to watch where the sparks are going."

"Nosha, you're talking about making physical contact with a massive machine we don't understand, with powers we haven't interpreted yet, and then climbing between gears and pistons and live wires..."

She blinks at me, and frowns. "You're right. That was a ridiculous suggestion. Thank you. We'll want to do plenty of instrument readings before we try touching it in any manner." The Elohite sighs. "I am overly enthusiastic. I will be more careful."

"Overcome by the sight of it?"

"You understand." Nosha tugs on her braids. "I had not expected to find myself so easily swayed by curiosity."

"Curiosity is our specialty though, isn't it?" I offer Nosha a hand, and she wraps hers tightly around mine. Tucks her other hand carefully into a pocket. "Let's go help Teresa set up the instruments."

Sunrise stops me with the touch of an Essence rush. Nearly as good as caffeine. I've spent the night pinging for coffee shops, libraries, parks, museums, all the places I'll spend more time once I get the chance. It would be handy if I could ask the Symphony where other angels in this area hang out, but that's not the sort of question I can get a straight answer for. Once I give Judgment a call, they might have a better idea.

The day's cloudier than I'd like, but not having any way to check the weather, I'd better get going sooner rather than later. The door clicks open again with Jack's key. I take the stairs down slowly, in case the insides of the building are more decrepit than the outsides.

The windows on the top floor have been covered with boards, but only loosely, a slat or two nailed down over each. They must have pulled out ladders or lowered people from the roof to reach this high. Why bother, when no one seems to care about the place? It wouldn't matter if the windows broke, if nobody was ever going to return.

I search the top floor in a methodical fashion that would make an Elohite proud, room by room, moving through each square foot in case the Tether is a tiny, focused thing. It's the sort of place ghosts would haunt, old caretakers going through the motions of teaching those who used to visit.

Most of the furniture's been removed, leaving only a few covered couches and desks, everything coated in a layer of dust so grimy it doesn't swirl as I walk through. Later on I'll go through the desk drawers, but for now I'm impatient to find the Tether. I'm not going to find a locus inside a drawer.

Nothing on the top floor. Down to the fifth, where covered beds show there used to be apartments here for staff, or maybe temporary rooms to rent out. The last room I check is a closet packed with rusting pails and broken brooms. I rub my hands near-clean on my jeans, and head down to the fourth.

Six rooms in, I find a dining room with full table, and attached, a kitchen. Plus faint, scuffed footprints. The insides of one of the sinks nearly shines, alongside four identical industrial-size sinks coated in caked-on dust. If someone's living in here, Tether formation would make more sense. I don't think most humans would be comfortable scaling the wall; there must be another entrance I didn't see outside.

Even taking this floor more slowly, nothing jumps out at me. Three floors in and I'm already itching to get outside, somewhere with space to run. Maybe the Boss is teaching me a lesson about patience. Maybe I was the only Servitor nearby and available. Maybe it's part of some grand plan I'm never going to understand.

Third floor. The windows have been properly boarded up now, leaving the hallways dim, and the rooms so dark I have to walk slowly to avoid bumping into things.

Flicker of movement that I nearly miss. By the time I've turned to see it, there's nothing but a wisp of -- wait a minute. No bird or animal that, too quick and small to be a human child. I dash out of the room, catch a shadowy flicker as it flicks down the stairs.

Down down down turn, I hit the second floor running, and I could outpace this creature easily in a straight run, but it knows where it's going and I don't. A winged bird thing, featherless and dark, don't think that's anything natural. On a stretch of hallway I close the gap, can almost touch it when the critter drops straight down, and, a hole in the floor, at least it can't go through solid objects or I'd have a problem. I'm moving too fast to stop at the edge, so I jump the hole, turn, drop down through with one hand grabbing the floorboards to avoid falling too far. The ground below waits solid and ordinary, so I let go, take a look around.

Pitch black on the first floor; they've put serious effort into sealing the windows down here, and I think I've dropped into a closed room. The light from the hole above doesn't extend far. I've lost the whatever-it-was. Ethereal, I'd guess, but such a small soundless dreamlet isn't too powerful. A watchdog of some sort, but for whom? More powerful ethereals (though I wouldn't expect those anywhere near a newborn Tether), a circle of sorcerers who have taken over the place, a demon of Nightmares... I don't have enough information.

I should have packed a flashlight.

A dog creeps up to my spot in the light. Red eyes, and when it opens its mouth, all its insides are a washed-out white. It flashes teeth at me, and growls. A guarding ethereal, then.

"And what's your job here, puppy?"

The dog growls more loudly, takes a step closer. As my eyes start to adjust to the dark, I can make out the spiked collar around its neck. I reach out a hand, and it begins barking furiously, and... doesn't attack. I wouldn't call something like this safe, but it hasn't been set to maim, only warn off. On the other hand, it might be that it's not allowed to dismember people standing in this particular place, or it's on an invisible leash.

Standing still isn't my thing. I move out from beneath the gap in the floorboards above.

The dog opens its mouth wide, and howls. A wave of terror washes towards me. Not so bad as standing up to a Habbalite; I push aside the influx of emotion, let it ripple away around me. "Nice try, but I'm not running anywhere while I have a job to do." Which is going to involve finishing up my search of the third, second, and first floors. And... I hope there's no basement.

Baffled, the dog stares at me with wide eyes. It cocks its head, and then, as I walk forward, whimpers, tucks tail, and flees into the dark.

Something hard smacks me in the back, clatters to the floor, and I stagger, whirl around to face the direction it came from. Not hard enough to do any real damage, but that hurt. "What, you don't want to come out and talk?"

"MINE." Another item flying out of the dark at my face. I catch it in one hand. A wrench. A decent weapon even in untrained hands, and I could do real damage with this thing. The voice sounds human, though that doesn't tell me anything. "Get out."

"How? Came down through a hole in the floor, and I can't see the stairs from here." Sure, I could get back up with a good jump, the ceiling's high but not dreadfully so. Not going to tell this whoever-it-may-be that.

"Mine, mine, MINE." Another tool clatters past me; a hammer, judging by the shape I make out as it disappears into the darkness. A faint glow approaches me from the far side of the room, brighter as it draws closer until I can make out a humanoid figure. Glowing? Scratch the 'ordinary human' idea, unless this one's been bathing in glow-in-the-dark paint. "Don't touch, get out, it's mine."

Up close he looks human, aside from the horns on his forehead and the faint green glow that surrounds him. Must be convenient to provide your own light source in a place as dark as this, though less so when you can't turn it off. Discordant six ways from Sunday, and that's just what I can see. How messed up must his head be by now? And what's he doing down here? Tethers spring up from what humans do and dream, or from the world itself, not from celestials of any flavor.

He takes a swing at me. Clumsy, more aggression than skill, and that crowbar isn't about to scare me. I barely even need to bend to avoid it, and then it's hand on his wrist, pull him around, knee in the back and I'm holding him down on the floor--

--while a touch of disturbance jangles from... me. From me hitting him. That doesn't make any sense. Sorcerers call up dreamlings and ethereals to push around, or demons if they're particularly arrogant, but they don't start glowing or sprouting horns. "What are you?" Not a fair question to ask when he's trying to pull away from my hold, and I'm the one who's come barging in here, but I have a job to do.

"Nothing much," he says, and starts sniffling, he's crying down there while I hold him.

This is just sad.

I let go, stand up, though I'm not about to go far. "I don't suppose you could clarify? That's dramatic, but it's not useful."

He pulls himself up to sit on the dusty floor, arms wrapped around his knees. Standing above him, I can't see him as much of a threat anymore, and whatever he might be, he doesn't look like more than a kid. Late teens, maybe early twenties in the gawky way some humans get before they settle into their adult bodies. He wipes his nose with the back of one arm, leaving a greasy streak across his face. "It's a curse," he says, and his words come in odd gaps, pick-up sticks tossed on the ground to lie where they've fallen. "That's what my mother said. It's a curse."

I drop down onto the ground in front of him, resting lightly enough that I can get back to my feet fast if anything more dangerous than a melodramatic teenager appears. "What kind of curse?"

"From my father. My mother -- she--" He wipes away the tears with an angry brush of one hand. As much pride as any other child his age, crying in front of a stranger. "She had real power. And so did he. And she called him up, and when she finally banished him, she says he cursed me, that's what happens, it was his curse. It's his fault I'm like this."

Boss, what on God's green earth have you sent me to deal with? Child of a sorcerer, and I don't know if his father's demon or ethereal, probably no easy way to find out. Whether he's Nephillim or Gorgon, this kid's been given a nasty lot. I don't know much about either variety, but I know they don't start this way. Perfectly ordinary kids until it hits, and then... so much for normality.

Of course, this one seems lucky enough to not have been hit with homicidal tendencies, though for all I know he requires the blood of fluffy kittens and puppies to keep himself alive. "What are you doing here?"

"She. Um. My mother called up something, and..." He blinks several times, the way kids do when they're trying not to cry. "Shouldn't have. She knew better, but she called up something nasty. She was trying. To find something that could lift the curse. Some sort of, um, spirit of healing, or hex-breaking. Like that. And I ran, I should have tried to help but I ran."

"And how did you end up here?" Sounds like the type that deals with ethereals, not demons, though I'm way out of my depth. I don't know much about sorcery and its side-effects beyond "tell Judgment if you run into any." I think Gorgons still count as human, as much as any Soldier of God, right? So maybe he is behind this Tether that's supposed to be... somewhere around here. Maybe it's under the sink in the kitchen upstairs. What would anyone do with a Tether that's under a sink? Just try fitting a bruiser vessel through there. You'd have to hollow out a place just for people to appear, and no one would be in a good mood on coming through.

"Underneath. Down in the basement, there's a door that goes into another building. All blocked off, but I found it. I called up a spirit of finding lost places." His voice is growing steadier as he speaks. It reminds me of Mannie working his way back to confidence by complaining about some poorly-done aspect of mechanics or wiring. "It led me to the door, opened it for me. I can come and go from the building next to this, if I'm careful." His gaze has gone sharp when I was distracted, not so much watery now. "I answered your questions, and fair's fair. What are you, and what are you doing here?"

"The name's Kai," I say, and maybe he won't notice I'm avoiding the first question. He certainly has enough to distract him. "And I'm here looking for... a place."

"What kind of place?"

"Couldn't say." I stand up, more than tired of sitting there, and pace a seven-point pattern through the patch of light from above. "I'll know it when I get there. I just know it's inside this building. Somewhere. I was looking for it when your bird noticed me. That is yours, right? Because if there are two people in this building calling up ethereals, I'm going to seriously consider asking for hazard pay." Or calling up Judgment and asking them to drop by. They may not be gentle, but they're just, and having one kid-sorcerer pulling up ethereals is enough to make me nervous. I know that all angels are supposed to report any Nephillim they come across, but what about Gorgons? And no one's happy about ethereals running around with the Song of Fruition. Considering what happened to the poor kid sitting in front of me, I finally understand why.

"Yeah, it's mine." He puts out a hand, and the shadow-bird flies down from darkness to land there, its cloudy feathers making strange patterns in his green glow. "Its name is -- well, its real name is really long and hard to pronounce. I call it Polly." His face promises wrath and retribution if I dare mock the choice in names.

"Hi, Polly. Can you talk?"

The bird shakes its head, and flutters away again. "It's smart enough to understand what I want," the boy says. He climbs to his feet, ignoring the hand I offer. "But it's using a body that can't talk. I'm not sure how much it understand of the actual words, and how much is that it gets what I mean."

I fail to understand the distinction, but that's not important right now. "So, that and your dog--"

"Sirius."

"You read that book too?"

The boy blinks, and smiles. "Where the star was cast down to Earth in the body of a puppy, sired by the hounds--"

"That one!" I spin in the light. "Great book. I mean, you could have just named it for the Dog Star, but I saw the red and white and wondered--"

"He says he used to work for a lord of the fae," says the boy, "but he got lost during a hunt once, went too far out looking for the prey, and the longer he stayed out the less he wanted to come back, and then I called for a guard." He abruptly sticks out a hand. "My name's -- well, my real name is pretty stupid, but my friends called me Al."

I shake his hand formally. "Pleased to meet you. How long have you been here?"

"Oh. Um. Months. I guess. I left in, uh, late November. It was before Thanksgiving." Now that he's standing, he's taller than I am again, and peers down at me. "What's the date, anyway?"

"You really don't get out much."

"No, I... I don't. I've been working." He abruptly turns his back to me. "I'll turn on the lights."

"There's electricity in this place?"

"Some. I use it for, um, testing. And things. I ran a cord from the other building, I don't use much power, mostly when I'm working, I can... I can see. Guess the curse is good for something."

"I'd go for a flashlight, myself." His glow fades as he walks further away.

"Yeah. Me too." All around me, points of light spring up. He's strung the room with Christmas tree lights, little white pinpricks along the ceiling and walls. Not much lighting, even with how many he's put up, but enough that I feel confident stepping away from the spot I've been criss-crossing. "Sorry, but I wasn't, well, I wasn't expecting anyone but me to be here. And I've been busy." He shrugs, a teenager's apology. "I'm... sorry about throwing things at you. When I'm working I get really, um, focused."

"No harm done." The room's large, a higher ceiling than I'd realized, and the floor's made of proper wood. All the walls have a bare look to them, as if something's been removed.

A dance studio. People used to dance, here. There were mirrors on the walls, I can see where the bars where bolted in so that young dancers could rest their feet.

And taking up a quarter of the room, right in the center, a... structure. Machine? I have no idea what it is. I'd call it a pile of junk, except every piece is too obviously arranged that way to be trash. "What's that?"

"That's. Um. My project." He smiles nervously as I approach. "It's... silly, I guess. You wouldn't be interested." His entire voice screams that he wants me to ask.

"No, tell me about it." I move around the structure, pacing out the dimensions. It's nearly a sphere, struts and wires and things I can't name beyond "bit of metal in some shape I don't recognize" expanding outwards from the center. "What does it do?"

"It doesn't do anything. Yet." He sighs, and scratches around one horn. A strange gesture to see on kid who, aside from sorcery and glowing, seems very much your average teenage boy. "I don't know if it will. But it's... look, you're not going to laugh, right?"

"Promise." I lean forward at one point, careful not to touch anything; I don't want to find out how much structural integrity this contraption has by collapsing it on my head. There's a wide space in the center, large enough for two people to stand comfortably, or three uncomfortably if they're about the size of my vessel. "Tell me about it."

"I used to... dream. Of this machine." Al's gesture takes in the thing he's made only vaguely, like he means something like that, not that specifically. "When I was a kid, from when I was in first grade or around there, I'd dream about it every night. All the different parts. There's so much to it, there was a different part to see every night. I saw the whole thing from the outside, then lots of details close-up, and then..." He wraps his arms around himself, a hammer clutched tightly in one hand. "The dreams stopped. I hadn't seen all of the details, but the dreams stopped."

"When did they stop?" He's been working on this thing since he got here, I'm sure of it, and one human working endlessly at a single project, the memory of dreams... Ten gives you one, as Jack would say, the baby Tether is lurking inside.

"Between. Um. After my mother sent my, my father away. But before the curse hit. And then with the curse there was the noise, all of it pouring in..." He rocks on his heels, arms wrapped tight. An unprepared kid getting hit full-force with the music of the Symphony, crashing into his head between one moment and the next... It's a wonder he's this functional. I can't imagine it. "Mom said that hearing it meant I was destined to be, to be someone with power like she was, but I needed to get rid of the curse before I'd ever be great."

"Is that what you want? Power?" I'm probably pushing harder than I should, but I don't know how much I'll get out of him if he goes sharp-eyed again.

"I don't know." His shoulders curl in. "Maybe. If it would get rid of this, sure."

Not very helpful, as answers go. I stop beside him, gesture to the machine. "You saw it in your dreams. Why are you building it?"

"I think my father sent me the dreams," Al says. "Maybe it was... a test. Seeing if I understand it. If I can make it, maybe he'll... maybe he'll come back. And take away the curse." He adds, in a lower voice, "It's not like I have anything else to do."

If I knew him better, I'd hug him and tell him we'd work something out. As it is, I only wish I could get away with that. "Al," I say, "can I look at the inside of your machine? I'll try not to touch anything."

"Sure," he says, waves towards the insides with his hammer. "It's sturdier than it looks."

I step between wires and scraps of metal, step carefully towards the bare spot in the very center.

There, the instant I cross the border I know. An infant Tether, stuttering and lashing out around me. As effusive as any child, the Tether tries to show me its insides, streams of power wrapping around me, as it reaches out to connect Earth to...

Heaven. Hell. Heaven again. Somewhere alien and cold, it must be a part of the Marches, and then back to Heaven again. This baby Tether is wild, as full of potential for triumph and tragedy as any child. And all it has for a parent is an uncertain sorcerer-Gorgon who's following a dream he doesn't understand. No wonder it's confused.

I make my way back out of the machine. "Do you call up ethereals often?"

"Spirits? Not... not many. The powerful ones can be dangerous." A little twitch from him. I wonder what he saw when his mother summoned one she couldn't handle. "Only when I need them. To get food, or parts, or... Things. I'm not as good at it as -- as some."

"Tell you what." I have a box full of money in my bag, and nothing to spend it on but my job. "If you'll stop calling them up, leave the spirits alone -- I mean, aside from Sirius and Polly, since they're already here -- I'll help you out. Not on the machine, that's your baby, but I can get you pieces you need, keep you fed, and help you guard this from anyone who might want to mess it up."

I don't need to be an Elohite to tell he's torn between suspicion and hope. He can't have been getting much hope offered to him of late, not looking like that. "That's your place, isn't it. The one you were looking for. I've built around it. That's why the spirit led me here, so that I could build this on the, um, is it a ley line? A node? One I couldn't tell?"

"I don't know what all it is," I say, "but it's what I'm looking for."

"Deal," he says. I don't trust him to keep to this agreement, not if he finds something better, but that's something to work with.

I go back to pacing, while Al gets back to work, attaching strands of wire to a tiny portion of the machine. Baby Tether, what do you want to be when you grow up?

Aglaya was escorted in by the Djinn who was attuned to her, though she couldn't see the point in it anymore. She'd told everything she knew, spoken until she was hoarse about all the little details, answered every question asked until she was dry, bone dry, sucked clean of all information she'd carried in her head. Now that the telling was over, she was too valuable to discard, not trusted enough to put in any position of importance. They might as well shut her in a laboratory with an assignment, let her be, come rattling the door for results. She had nowhere else to go.

The Djinn had never told her its name. Here on Earth it was a heavyset man, face and body speaking of rough peasant stock, vessel twice the weight of hers. She felt absurd, tiny, helpless in this new laboratory. It nearly shone, scrubbed clean in every corner -- and Aglaya nearly laughed, to see that as they'd entered someone was scrubbing in a corner of the room, a thin maid with wide eyes, wearing a bruise on one side of her face. She thought, I could do that, I could hurt her, and nothing screamed out inside of her at the concept. How freeing. How terrifying.

Three others worked in the laboratory, two of them prodding a tangled piece of machinery whose purpose she couldn't identify. The third, a young woman wearing men's clothing, looked up from where she'd been making notes on graph paper. "What's this, then?" she asked.

The Djinn shrugged. "New. To help." He added, after a moment, "Recently from the other side. Might know something of use."

"So I see." The scientist strode over toward her, looked down at her. "What's your name?"

"Aglaya." She could have changed it, but what would be the use? A name was such a little thing, compared to everything else that had changed.

"Not your Role's name--"

"That is my name." She swallowed, hated the need to say it. "Aglaya. Impudite of Technology. Formerly... of Lightning. I am told my skills may be of use."

"See?" The Djinn shoved her forward, broad palm between her shoulder blades. "Yours now. Not my problem anymore." He turned and stumped away out the door, and Aglaya hated that she desperately, urgently wanted him back. At least he wouldn't hurt her.

All the soft folds of her dress felt absurd, here.

"Well." The scientist looked her up and down. "We're doing well enough, but if you can speed our progress, that would suffice to justify your presence. And if you can't..." The woman's smile was cold. "I'm sure something could be found for you to do."

"Where would you like me to begin?" Let them send her to work on something. She could lose herself in the work, theorize and test and build until she forgot she'd ever been anywhere else.

"Oh, I couldn't set you to a task. You'll want to speak to one of our supervisors." The woman snapped her fingers, turned towards the door in the back. "Hari is out acquiring more components, and possibly doing other things, so you'll want to speak to the Lilim."

"She's second in charge?"

The demon laughed shortly. "They're both in charge. It must amuse someone to put both on the same project. If you want to keep that vessel, stay out of their way when they begin to argue." She opened the door, and led Aglaya down a hallway with numbered doors on either side. The noises coming from behind some of the doors made Aglaya shudder, and follow quickly.

At the end of the hallway, two doors opposite each other remained unmarked. The scientist rapped on one, then opened the door without waiting for an answer. "We've been sent another one," she said, pulling Aglaya inside with long fingers wrapped around the Impudite's arm. "I suspect someone becomes impatient with our lack of results."

The man who sat behind the desk was tall, thin, dressed in the style of lesser nobility out to work on something that required practical clothing. He looked up from where he'd been bent over his notes. "And what did they send us this time, Vera? Another gremlin to break things and apologize badly? If they continue to send us assistance we may never finish at all." He wore the expression of a man seldom pleased by what he saw.

"A little Mercurian of Lightning got herself tripped, and we're given the result." Vera let go of Aglaya's arm. "Should I see if she's better at cleaning things than the gremlin was?"

"No, I'll find something to do with her." The man -- Lilim -- waved the scientist away. "Go. Try to become useful. If you can create results, all the better."

"As you like, Maharang." The door clicked shut behind Vera. Leaving Aglaya in the room with this one.

The Lilim turned back to his notes, and she was grateful for it, for a moment to breathe without having him look in her eyes and know what she needed. She moved forward slowly, aware of how foolish her dress was in a proper laboratory, how little her most recent Role suited her to what they required here.

The office held cabinets and cabinets, a few open doors showing the stacks of files. Everywhere papers and stacks of books, ledgers, schematics folded carelessly and left beneath other things to be wrinkled into a mess. The Lilim showed no sign of interest in her, scribbling away at the papers on his desk. She stepped forward and straightened a book that threatened to fall from the top of a stack.

On the floor in the back, nearly hidden by the stacks, she saw a curious little device. Copper wheels spun silently around a central point, crossing each other's paths but never colliding, while in the center a series of pendulums swung. It made her nearly dizzy to watch. "What does it do?"

The Lilim looked up, and she regretted speaking. "I mean," she said, her voice faltering, "I don't... quite see what it does. It only seems to spin, without being connected to anything else. What does it do?"

"Nothing," he said. He stood up, so much taller than her tiny vessel, and stalked about the desk in her direction. "Tell me, what do you do?"

"A... a little bit of everything, sir." She couldn't recall what name the other demon had used for him. "I'm not a specialist."

"No, they couldn't send us someone useful..." He spoke to the air, in an aggrieved tone. "Well," he said, more in her direction, "if you do nothing at all, that would be better than some they've sent us. I know better than expect competence, but I may be lucky enough to acquire more use than disaster from you. What did you do?"

Aglaya spread her hands. "I... watched, sir. For signs of, of infernal interference. And sometimes I inspired. I know enough to understand things, and I've done some small time of lab work, but I'm... not a scientist, sir."

He stared down at her for a moment. "At least you know your own incompetence," he said. "Tell me, have you any ability at organization?"

"Yes, sir."

"Then work on this." One gesture took in the mess of the office. "My late and unlamented predecessor left me with this. There's unlikely to be anything worth salvaging, but I'd never hear the end of it if I simply burnt it all, so sort through everything. Put aside any piece that isn't entirely worthless, or which you can't understand."

"That's all?"

"As if I'd give you a more delicate task? See if you can manage that first."

She didn't scowl or glare, because he terrified her. She terrified herself, these days, being what she was. Aglaya seated herself neatly in a corner of the room, and began going through the papers.

Time passed outside; with no windows, all the office lit with electric lights, she lost track of how much time. On occasion a scientist would enter the room with news, and the Lilim would snarl over what they brought. Once she heard the door across the corridor open, and the Lilim left the office. For several minutes there was silence, and then shouting she tried not to listen to. The Lilim did not return for some hours.

Aglaya sorted through papers and ledgers and schematics and books. They became a comfort to her, solid objects that waited for her touch. Her decree was final for those doomed to the fire, her benevolence temporary to those she saved. Every sorted stack gave her a moment of satisfaction.

From conversations held in the office as if she weren't there, she learned the names of the people working there, that the maid was a gremlin liable to break things if unsupervised, the nature of their project. The Lilim, Maharang or Mannie depending on who spoke, had a harsh comment for every piece of information brought to him, for every person mentioned, whether they were present at the time or not. The only one who escaped his acidity was the unspoken One that no one dared refer to directly. She sat and worked during every conversation, invisible by her lack of relevance to the project. No one who was not working on the project could matter.

And then she was done.

Aglaya stared for several minutes at the room, blinking. Every stack she saw was one she'd organized. She stood up. The Lilim was the only one in the office, and he had that little whirling machine on his desk, was staring at it.

"Mannie?" She was pleased to see him twitch. She hadn't spoken since he first set her to the task, and it seemed he'd forgotten her. "I'm done."

He blinked. For a moment, looked almost... pleasant. Like an ordinary person one could speak to in a reasonable way. And then his habitual expression slid back on. "I see you took your time at it. What have you sorted out for me to review?"

She set the small stack on the corner of his desk, out of the way of his little machine, and was further pleased to see the moment of surprise on his face. "This," she said. "Everything else is outdated, unworkable, irrelevant, or otherwise useless. These are the only ones I found that may be of use, and this," she added, presenting him with a single sheet of paper, "was what I didn't understand."

He took the stack of papers, and set them aside in a drawer. She waited patiently in front of his desk, hands clasped in front of her, expression demure. "As I thought," he said, "not enough of use to justify this mess." Mannie gave her a hard look. "And what do you want now?"

You're a Lilim, she wanted to say. You tell me what I want. But instead, she said, "I have a question." Aglaya waited for a beat. "I asked what that did, and you said nothing. So, if you would tell me. What is it for?"

"This?" His hand moved near the machine, with something she could almost call gentleness. "It does nothing at all, and it does it very... efficiently." When he spoke about it, his face softened at the edges. To think that even among those who worked for That One, her new Superior she couldn't yet bear to consider, demons too would have their own projects. "It moves. I put a little energy in, and it moves." The Lilim nearly smiled. "And I consider it, and from time to time I discern how to put in less energy, and... still it moves."

"Always more efficient."

"Precisely. I haven't adjusted the design in a decade, now, but." Mannie picked the machine up, set it down back in its corner. "There is always a way to reduce energy loss."

"Perpetual motion--"

"Is only the dream of those who don't know better." He shrugged. Seemed almost human. It made her chest ache to think that. Humans had broken her once, could break her again if she weren't careful. Better to think of him as the demon he was and not anything more. "But to see how close the equation can ride towards the line without ever meeting it..." Mannie stopped. She could see the mask pulling back on. He'd said too much, in front of someone untrustworthy. "You want to work on the actual project."

"I'll never prove myself if I only sort files. Sir."

His smile was a practiced thing, and she could relax at the sight of it. "Vera won't like it, but no one likes Vera, so this bothers me not at all. You'll owe me."

"I do realize this, sir."

"Very well." He scribbled out a note, and passed it over. "Take this to Vera, and when she stops being directly insulting she'll show you what we're doing. Don't break anything, or I'll have your hide. We can't afford any more delays."

"I understand, sir."

"Have you ever seen the end of a project that, ah, did not fully match the specifications as presented? I don't think you understand. If you're lucky, you won't for some time, and then only from a distance. If you're unlucky... be unlucky distant from me."

She nodded. "I'll do my best, sir."

"Be competent, and I'll be amazed." He waved her away, back to irritation and dissatisfaction. Aglaya left with the note in hand. They would give her work to do, and she could forget herself in it forever.

We've found it's easier to lie down and look up than to stand up and try to stare at the machine from an angle while standing, so I'm flat on my back, taking notes, while the machine continues its endless cycle above me. I can see Nosha from here, sprawled out in a similar position against the floor. From my point of gravity, she's up and to the left; from her position, I appear to be up and to the right. There must be someone in the Halls of Progress who's built a sphere with these sorts of gravity constraints, and when I have time I'd like to try experiments within this framework.

Teresa walks by in the distance, standing out in a peculiar right angle to a floor that, from here, looks like it ought to be a wall. She stops to adjust the sensors and take another reading. I could lie here forever, spend a century studying this machine surrounded by competent coworkers with similar interests. It's perfect.

My phone rings, a garbled little jingle in this place. It's been growing more erratic the longer I stay here; apparently its insides aren't compatible with this plane. Definitely a flaw to take up with the Sparkies who worked on it, once I get back home.

"Hello?" I prop my notebook against one knee so that I can write one-handed.

"Mannie? How's the job going?" Kai's breathless enthusiasm comes across so well even through a staticky line that I know she's bursting with something she wants to talk about.

"Quite well, Kai. And yours?"

"It's amazing. Tracked down the baby Tether, and it's -- okay, it's a bit weird, and I'm not really up on all the details, this isn't my area of study, but it's definitely here. Lashing all over the place, at least two parts of Heaven and one in Hell, from what I've felt just standing there. And one place in the Marches, which wasn't something I expected, though I guess it makes a bit of sense, considering who formed it."

"Who formed it?" I sketch a set of wires that tangle without ever touching directly. "You've determined the cause already?"

"It's hard to miss, Mannie. All the work of one kid, he's seriously messed up, I can see why the Boss wanted someone here to help. He's building this sort of machine that he used to see in dreams, bizarre all around, and the locus is right in the center of the machine. It might expand as the machine grows, I don't know, but he's been working on it for months."

"What kind of machine?" I pause in the middle of a line. Hints of Lightning there, and Jean would... appreciate the tactical advantage of adding another Tether to his Word, of course. "What does it do?"

"I have no idea. Neither does he, that's half the weirdness right there, he's just following what he saw in his dream. Looks like a big mess to me, but most of the insides of cars look like that to me too, so I figured you'd know better. I took a few pictures, not sure how well they'll come across on this line."

"Send them over, and I'll--" I stop as the connection turns into a high-pitched whine in my ear. Loud enough that Nosha rolls over to look, and above me the wires flicker as they absorb the vibrations and convert them into bits of energy. So far we've only determined that the added power flows towards the center of the machine, which comes as a surprise to none of us.

After a moment the whine stops, and pictures snap across the phone's tiny screen. Most of them are too dim and fragmented to be anything more than images of metal bits soldered and wired into place. Two are perfectly clear, several nothing but a dark haze.

I put the phone gingerly back to my ear, and flick back and forth between the two clearer photos, sketching them out on paper for a better idea of what the pieces are. "It doesn't look like anything I can recognize, Kai. I'll see what I can come up with."

"Thanks! Hey, I need to run, Sirius wants to go over security procedures with me, and I ought to pick up lunch. Catch you later, thanks again."

I stand up, and smile. "I think having an assignment suits that Ofanite," I tell Nosha, walking across the faintly curved floor to sit beside her. "Not that she was unhappy with the Windies, but there's a certain amount of focus that was missing before."

"It's good to have a job," says Nosha. She sits up, cross-legged. "What sort of machine is this? Something to do with the Tether?"

"That's what I'm told." I pass across the sketches. "I couldn't get many good pictures, but I was hoping you'd recognize these, or be able to extrapolate a function. It looks more like sculpture than machinery to me."

Nosha chews on a braid, and traces the lines of the first sketch. "I can see what you mean. What's the point of having a gear there when it's only turning that one? Maybe with a picture of the whole thing... Of course, a sculpture might be up Eli's alley. Perhaps it's trying to be a Tether to Creation."

"There has to be more to it than sculpture if it's jumping between angelic and infernal. Especially if it's stopping off at the ethereal plane now and then."

"Is it?" Nosha frowns, and flips the page. "Oh."

"Oh? Oh, what?"

"Oh, you really want to look at this, Mannie." She leaps to her feet, and goes running off across the sphere's insides.

I follow along, if at a more sedate pace. I try to save my running for when there's something chasing me; it's not dignified. Nosha, for her part, has moved on to skipping, and by the time I reach her she's bouncing on her toes in one place. "Look at what?"

"This." She flops down on her back. I lie down beside her, and follow where she points. "Okay, see where those two gears there are turning together? And how there's a gap that comes up every third rotation, to the area behind?"

"Yes, I see it, but--"

"Wait."

The gears turn silently against each other, every third rotation of the smaller gear two gaps meshing perfectly to show a fraction of the next layer inside. Again, and again...

And then, for a moment, a pendulum that swings slowly behind the gears has moved out of the way at just the right moment, showing me a layer deeper--

"It matches."

Nosha laughs. "It does. It does."

I take the notebook back, and compare the picture to what I saw. "Whoever's building the one down there doesn't have the exact right materials, the angle's not precise, but it matches."

"Your Ofanite's Tether leads to someplace ethereal from time to time? I think I know where." Nosha sits up straight. "And now I'd really like to see what's inside the center of this place. If the Tether down there is leading to the center, there must be something here that can call it. There may well be an ethereal that lives in the center, feeding off the energy passed through the machine..." She frowns. "How would that even work? It's not Essence, it's only dream-energy, though I can see it feeding off that in a conceptual manner rather than drawing actual power. The Malakite might know more about how these things work--"

"Nosha, listen. It's someone trying to recreate a perfect machine. One that's not going to be able to work on Earth, I don't know if it could even in the appropriate gravity structure. Where else do you think that Tether's going?"

The Elohite stares at me for a moment, and then grins widely. "I can guess a number of places, from Dreams to Creation, but I know of one we have reason to particularly want to see it settle on. Should it be so inclined." She leaps to her feet. "We need to discuss this with Teresa. And Gariel. And compare the location to our Tether-maps. If there's even a chance this puppy flickers into the Halls of Progress on its rounds, we want to get it stabilized. Especially if it's been dipping infernal as well."

"Exactly what I was thinking." We make our way towards Teresa with her instruments, past the Malakite sharpening one of his knives. "Nosha, even if it doesn't touch on Lightning, only Creation, think of that. This human is building the machine from inside-out. It won't be a perfect image, but we can take a look at the insides of all this, in static form."

"What's this, then?" asks Amets, suddenly beside us. That Blandine gives her Malakim the ability to disappear in the Marches is reasonable; that he'd use it against us annoys me.

"It's unlikely to be the concern of Dreams," Nosha says. "We're only discussing--"

"A wild Tether that might be reaching towards this Domain." The Malakite smiles wolfishly. "I have good hearing. And you don't think that such a thing might be connected to Dreams?"

"I thought your Superior was largely unconcerned with Tethers," says Teresa dryly. She turns off a monitoring panel.

"Not pursuing them to the ridiculous lengths, true. But hardly unconcerned." Amets has gone shadowy around the edges of his image, looking entirely Malakite. Even after all these months, it makes me uncomfortable to see one of them like that. "Though Lightning would have to pursue Tethers at every opportunity, considering how many you must rip apart before they're tamed with the noise you make on the corporeal plane. No sense of subtlety."

Nosha and I take a few steps away, while Teresa prepares her own retort. "Oddly enough," I say, quietly, "it's comforting to see this."

"Oh? How so?" Nosha plays with one of her braids, frowning. "I can see little of comfort in these arguments. No one involved intends to change opinions, or even to convince the other of a position. They only rehash the same insults and accusations."

"It lends a sense of reality to the proceedings. And reminds me that angels are not, ah, entirely paragons of selflessness and ultimate good." I shrug, and listen to Amets adding pointed insults about science in general. If Teresa tries to hit him, she won't get far, and I don't think he's the sort to resort to violence against other angels without better cause than an argument. "I'd prefer a realistic view to an idealistic one. Less chance of disappointment."

"There's something to be said for idealism." Nosha laughs. "But I'm not the one to say it. Come, let's give Gariel a call while they're still going at it."

I flick open my phone and pull up Gariel's number. Nothing but static. "It's not ringing. Did they even test this on the ethereal plane, or just put it together and hope for the best? Bloody incompetent idiots."

Nosha raises an eyebrow, a very Elohite expression coming from a little girl in overalls. "Making complex equipment that can work between planes is a delicate science, and resources are always limited. Though if you think so little of their work, we can find tools so that you can fix the problem yourself."

I put the phone away. "You're right. This isn't even an area I've studied; I've worked largely on corporeal projects, and nothing that was meant to function across planes. I have no place to criticize."

"But you do have an excellent place from which to make notes for the team working on those," Nosha says. "They'll appreciate the field-testing. And perhaps the next version will have fewer of these flaws."

"I can hope so." Teresa and Amets have not progressed to name-calling yet, but she's snarling through clenched teeth, her hands curled into fists, and he's an angel-shaped dark cloud. "Calling is out. What do we do now? Send someone back with the news?" I blink, and cover my face in my hands. "Or I call Kai and ask her to pass on a message, since she has the phone number for Gariel. And I call other people idiots."

Nosha reaches up to pat me on the shoulder. "Relying on other people can be difficult. Even if you know you can do that, turning to others for help won't be your first instinct for some time."

Amets abruptly breaks away from the conversation, and flows over in our direction. Predatory and dark. I don't want to stand in his path. "We'll have to leave," he says. "A Tether in here, so close to that Domain, could be... unpleasant. You don't want the inhabitants of the Domain we passed on the way here to have such easy access to the corporeal plane."

Teresa snorts. "As if anything could crawl inside that machine, if a Tether has been stopping in here? Safe enough, I think."

"There are things," says the Malakite, choosing his words carefully, "that you would not want to meet, which could flow through that place like water. It isn't safe until the Tether is tamed for Heaven."

"Then let Lightning take care of it--"

"And what if it isn't a Tether to Lightning? What if it's to Dreams?" Amets shakes his head. "What if it's for Creation? Do you want to count on being able to track down Eli and convince him to stabilize a little Tether for you, before anything here can take advantage of it, or Hell can claim it for their own ends?"

Teresa says, more irritably than before, "So if all else fails, send someone in to destabilize it and let the Tether scatter before anyone else can--"

"No. We can't do that." Malakite and Mercurian turn to stare at me. "My friend was given the job of helping this Tether grow and turn angelic, not to destroy it because it's simpler for someone else than to deal with the implications."

"That's understood," Amets says, "but we have to consider the possibility--"

"And do either of you know where the other end of this Tether is?"

Three of them silent around me. Nosha's gone Elohite blank at me; I don't know what she thinks of all this. No doubt she'll speak up if she has a serious objection.

"No? Then you can keep your possibilities to yourself for the moment." I pull out the phone and dial Kai's number.

Nothing but static. So much for that idea. "My phone isn't working at all anymore. I don't suppose anyone here knows the Celestial Song of Tongues?" No one leaps up to claim that ability. "So we pack up and head back, and then take a look at this little wild Tether, if it's still together by the time we can get to it. And work out what to do with it then. Any objections?"

"You're correct that I don't know where this Tether is," Amets says. "But I cannot leave it to your hands to deal with, not while it may be a link to this place. My Lady would not approve."

"And what would you have me do? Take you down there to scout out the place yourself?"

"Precisely."

Nosha ought to be speaking out by this point, telling me how I ought to be doing things. But she only watches me, no hint of advice in child eyes. And Teresa, who should be snarling about all of this, watches me as if... I'm in charge.

It is perhaps unfortunate that I developed the habit of taking charge in the midst of arguments, if only so that things would get done. "Escort us back safely, and I'll take you to meet with the angel who's guarding this Tether, or at least give you a location and put you in contact with her. Acceptable?"

Amets nods, briefly. "If you can keep your word."

"I promise." I can feel the Geas settle down around me. I laugh, for what little amusement there is in this. "Lilim, Bright or not, can be counted on to keep their promises."

Amets turns away. "Tell me when you're ready to go."

We pack up the equipment together. Teresa hasn't said anything since I began the argument. I don't know if she's angry at me, and she's too close for me to ask Nosha. Nosha hasn't said anything either, only putting pieces back into the boxes.

We haul the boxes out of the Domain. Leaving the bright whirling machine behind feels like leaving a friend. It's only parts and motion, no reason to feel so attached, but it was... beautiful. The sort of thing I'll never be able to make myself.

Amets fades away to a ghostly image. "Stay close," he says, a thin sound in the not-air of the Marches. Teresa does exactly that, while I follow further behind, Nosha beside me. I'm not in the mood to be near their bickering if they start up again.

"You did fine," Nosha says, kicking up drifts of silver sand. "It wasn't the solution I would have chosen, but."

"I shouldn't have done that."

"Why not? Teresa and Amets weren't about to come to a reasonable agreement. And we do want to pass on news quickly, before Hell comes across the Tether."

"I'm not the one in charge, Nosha. I should have let you handle it."

She looks up at me, the case she's carrying incongruously large for the child image the Elohite's chosen. "How often were you in charge, before?"

"There were always people above me..." She isn't about to let me go with that answer. "Most always, Nosha. Even when I was buried somewhere near the bottom of an enormous project, there were always people working for me. My own projects aside." Not that I had time for many of those, a few hours here, a stolen week there... "And nothing ever got done unless I made it happen."

"That's how you felt, at least."

"Ah. True. There may have been competent people working for me, but if so, I never noticed." A flicker of memory. "Almost never noticed. There were a few, here and there."

"What did you do when you saw those?"

"Went out of my way to collect Geases and hooks, on the principle that repaid favors from such people would be more useful later." I could count up every owed favor I hold if I tried, even having trimmed every angel but one out of the collection. "Sometimes they were."

"And you never tried to assemble a team of these people?" Nosha tugs on one braid. "That's what I would have done."

"Why bother? Too much effort to see everyone reassigned at the whim of a supervisor, or to end up with a half dozen competent people grinding away at a useless dead-end project."

The Malakite raises a hand in front of us. "Hush," he says. He gestures to the trees on our right. Tall evergreens, and the wind that pushes them blows a chill across me. "Quickly," he adds, and he does not run, but his strides grow wider and brisker.

From beyond the trees, dogs bay. To call any noise in the Marches "unearthly" is tautology, but these dogs sound strange even here, as if they're calling out from throats made of copper.

The baying closes in faster than I would have thought possible, as if the Domain of trees has churned itself into folds to move the pack faster. Amets draws his sword. "If they come out of the forest," he says, in an ordinary voice as if this happens all the time, and perhaps it does, "run to the river and wait for me there. None of you know how to fight here."

"Actually--" My objection drowns in the copper-note chorus of doggish voices that pause at the edge of the trees, flickers of black and white and red.

An ethereal, appearance of a tall man with feathers growing from his hands and a black mask over the top half of his face, stops at the place where snow slides out from between the trees into the sand. His horse is white, with red eyes and a black mouth. "You travel far from your Domain, to places where you are weak," he says, without opening his mouth. "Would you join in the hunt?"

"We have no part in your hunt," says Amets, his sword straight in front of him. "And we have not entered your lands."

The ethereal considers this for a moment. "No matter," he says, and raises a hand.

Amets raises his sword, and moves forward, as hounds pour out from the trees.

Nosha and Teresa run. I ought to be right behind them, but I can't imagine a pack of hounds will do a single Malakite any good, no matter what experience he's had in this place. We can't find our way back without him; the only part of the Marches I know lies near Beleth's tower, and that information's a half century out of date.

Amets swings his sword in what surely aren't wild moves, broad though they are, fending off the hounds. I hold out my hand and imagine up a pistol. I never considered dueling anything but a fool's hobby, but certain skills were necessary for my first Role. This weapon is less real than the creatures attacking us, but in the land of dreams, reality is by and large in one's mind.

The weapon I've created looks like the one of the pair of dueling pistols I owned, an aristocrat's deadly little toys. If we were standing inside that Domain of trees and snow, they might not work under its rules, but horse and rider have moved beyond the snow, a heavy axe swinging towards where Amets deals with the dogs.

My first shot misses, nothing more than a warning. Members of the pack who'd been ignoring me in favor of the obvious threat start at the sound, divert their attention in my direction. Soon I'll be testing my speed against theirs, and find mine lacking; their nature is to catch fleeing prey. No matter. I dream up another bullet, and fire again. The smoke that pours out at every shot is ludicrously authentic.

This second shot catches the rider's horse between the eyes. Not as effective as a similar hit on a corporeal horse, but even this ethereal creature is discomfited enough to scream and buck at the damage. Its voice is as unnatural as that of the dogs, related to the scream of a real horse the way a schematic is to the mass-produced item. My third bullet catches it in the chest, and as it rolls to the ground the Malakite leaps on the hunter, sword glinting in the pseudo-sunlight from the Domain beyond.

I have dogs to worry about now, circling me with black teeth bared. No place to run, so I shoot one between the eyes to give them something to consider. Sadly, a pack like this won't take the loss of one member seriously; their strength lies in numbers, not individuality.

Amets shouts in a language I don't know, battle cry or challenge or whatever Malakim say when they're fighting. I've made it a point not to find out those sorts of details in person. I have more pressing concerns, as several dogs, I can't enumerate them in the middle of fighting, throw themselves at me from different directions.

I find ethereal combat always strange, to be stronger than I am corporeally, throwing my mind out against theirs even as we work with images of guns, teeth, fists. Though it's reassuring that years of disuse haven't left me any worse at this than before.

I kick a dog away in the face, hard enough for it to fall back howling, but another has its teeth digging into my leg, more snapping at me from the sides. I was, perhaps, better at avoiding such damage before I lost that ethereal Force. One of them falls back to lift its head and wail, an eerie cry that speaks of terror. It's nothing strong enough to affect me. I shoot another dog, and the one that tried to frighten me whimpers, turns and runs with its tail between its legs.

Three dogs still on me, warier than before. The blood coming from my leg is nothing but a reflection of the damage to my mind, and that can be healed once I get home. They're hesitant now. I'm not. I kick out to send one moving back, shoot it as it's dodging that kick, and the other two decide to go running.

I walk over to Amets, as he struggles up from a place on the ground covered by the bodies of hounds. "I thought they'd be more dangerous," I say, and offer him a hand. His image shows no flaw, which tells me nothing of how much he may have been damaged. "Are you well?"

He ignores my hand, and regains his footing. The dogs' bodies already begin to melt away into mist and sand, and the horse has crumpled into a decaying skeleton. The hunter lies sprawled on the ground, his head a meter or so further away, mask still attached. "You were lucky," Amets says, "and this was only one hunter. If we'd encountered an entire party, this would have gone badly." He stoops to pick up the head of the hunter. "They'll remember your image."

"I have a knack for acquiring enemies in the Marches. Perhaps he can travel nearer Beleth's realm, and join the club of all the ethereals with reason to dislike me." I give a more nonchalant shrug than the situation warrants. "There's a reason I avoid entering the ethereal plane."

The Malakite's image has shaded towards something clear again, not as shadowy, and his face lingers in the realm of confusion. "You didn't seem at all reluctant to come here."

"It was the job given to me. Who am I to argue?" We walk away, Amets carrying that head in one hand. "And most of those who'd seek me out stay nearer Beleth's side of the Vale."

"So when you said you had experience in the Marches--"

"Don't ask. Please."

He laughs shortly. "I'm curious, now. This was when you were still a demon. What were you up to?"

"Experiments."

"You worked for Beleth?"

"Vapula. She might have approved of what we were doing, but not of us doing it. No friend of Technology. Not that she's the friend of anyone. We were only there a few months before things became, ah, more complicated than was considered worth the potential return. Not an unusual way for a project to be canceled."

"What sorts of experiments?"

"I'd rather not talk about it."

Amets considers me for a moment, and then lets the subject drop. "I'm surprised neither of your friends returned, when you stayed behind."

"Nosha would know it couldn't assist in this, and that returning would do nothing but put the both of them in greater danger. Besides, you told them to run, and you know this area better than they do."

Amets nods. He's doing me the favor of not fading into near-invisibility, a small concession to what aid I gave in the skirmish. "Elohim are ever adept at behaving in a most reasonable manner, no matter what bonds of friendship would call them to do otherwise. I can never feel comfortable with an Elohite at my back; they'd trump all honor for what they consider the greater good, with no regrets. Doesn't it bother you, to work for a Superior who would sacrifice you in an instant if it would gain him an advantage he considered sufficient?"

"And what, your Superior coddles you and keeps you safe from danger? We are at war, or so I've been told. Everyone is expendable in the cause of the greater good."

"You don't say that as if you believe it, Gifter."

That title always touches me with guilt. I have nothing to give. "Perhaps I don't believe it yet. But this is why I have a Superior who can tell me where to go, rather than leaving me to what I think is best. I don't want the responsibility of determining the greater good."

"An Elohite will lie, cheat, steal, betray a friend, if doing so would serve what it thinks is best. And this doesn't bother you? Not at all?" He's pushing. As if I ought to break down and confess Lightning suits me badly, or that I'm not cut out to be an angel just yet.

"Amets, you're a Malakite. You've spent very little time, I imagine, in the company of demons without trying to kill them." I stretch my arms, try to shake off the sting at the back of my mind from the damage that hound did. He's right that I was lucky to get away so easily. "I have been accustomed to my coworkers, supervisors, and underlings lying, cheating, stealing, and betraying me out of pique or boredom, and doubly so if it would get them the slightest potential gain. Elohim doing so for the greater good is refreshing. Compared to a Superior who might rip apart my Forces if I slipped up and called a botched project a failure rather than a mitigated success, serving an Archangel who would sacrifice me for the benefit of Heaven... No. It doesn't bother me. Not at all."

"I suppose that does put matters into perspective." Amets spreads his wings, black feathers glistening dark purple in their shadows, then pulls them back in. "You handled yourself well back there. For a Servitor of Lightning. But why did you shoot the horse and not the hunter? He was the greater threat."

"Force of habit. I'm more accustomed to running from combat than engaging in it. And when you need to run, taking out the pursuer's means of transportation is often the best way." I kick up a plume of silver sand to watch it drift back down at a hundred different speeds, each grain falling according to laws unlike those of corporeal physics. "I once ended up the only one escaping from a raid on the lab with my vessel intact, due to leaving a few surprises in the pursuer's car rather than trying to fight it out with individuals."

"An attack from Lightning?"

"No, Samingans. Technology and Death always got along poorly. At least in Heaven, for all that some Archangels may be at each other's throats, I haven't had to worry about anyone on my side trying to kill me."

We find Teresa and Nosha at the bank of the river. Teresa paces a tight orbit around the cases of equipment, and I can't help wishing Kai were here. My Ofanite would hate it in the Marches, though, slow and weak, helpless instead of ever ready for battle.

"Finally," says Teresa, and she stares at the head Amets carries. "You had to bring that along?"

"As long as I have the mask, that hunter won't return," the Malakite says, and he smiles sweetly at her. "The mask won't come off. Though I could take the time to carve it away from the head, if you'd prefer."

"Malakim." Teresa hauls up a case. "I suppose you felt left out without something to carry?"

Nosha takes up another case, and joins me in the trudging back towards the Vale of Dreams. "I cannot help but compare their interaction to the preliminary friendship rituals of children," she mutters to me.

I suppress a laugh; neither Mercurian nor Malakite would appreciate it, if they overheard. "At least no one has dipped anyone's hair in an inkwell yet. And they're not throwing things at each other. I suppose it's reasonable that a Mercurian would flirt like a human. How do Elohim express attraction?"

"It depends on the situation. We're usually direct about the matter, unless being so has potential to cause discomfort in the subject of our affection." She winds one braid around a finger. "Those of us in Lightning tend towards the more cerebral. We engage in complex debates, discuss hypothetical situations, ask people to lend assistance on an aspect of a personal project that they might find of interest."

I blink at Nosha. She gives me a bland smile, and skips ahead to walk beside Teresa.

Every time I think I've figured them out, angels surprise me.

I try my phone a few more times on the way back, get nothing but static. By the time we reach the foot of Blandine's tower, I'm not even getting that, and the time display has begun to blink 13:42 at me. "There will be pages and pages of details to submit to whichever team works on these phones. With footnotes. And illustrations."

"Go all out and include a few graphs," Nosha says. Amets leads the way into the tunnel we used before, or one enough like it to make no difference to my eyes. "Might as well be thorough."

"And flowcharts."

"No need to be cruel, Mannie."

At the top, Amets bows formally to us. "I need to speak with my immediate superior about this Tether," he says. "Where should I meet you?"

"If you come to the Halls of Progress, any reliever can show you to Mannie's office," Nosha says. "If you haven't arrived by the time we've decided who will be investigating, we'll send a message."

"The Halls of Progress? How unpleasant. But," he adds, with a wry expression, "not unfair. Until then."

My office hasn't changed since I left it, aside from a phone message left on top of a cup of coffee. This one is only half soaked; Maharang's getting better about that. I fish out the note and lay it out to dry. Then it's time to find a notebook and compile a list of bugs in my phone, which even back in Heaven refuses to function. By the time Nosha and Teresa have discussed the situation with Gariel, and he's come to a decision, I'll have these ready to submit. They're unlikely to allow me back on the corporeal plane, not with my Cherub in Trauma.

If I were an Elohite, I'd analyze my desire to go there, call it irrational and based on emotions, ignore it altogether. But I'm only myself, and I want to be there. To see Kai again, and the Tether that might or might not be something my Boss could make his own, to settle back into my comfortable vessel I've spent more time in than my celestial form.

"Well," says Zif, "I'm glad to see you stayed out of trouble while I was gone."

Hugging a quagga-shaped Cherub ought to be awkward and undignified. Somehow, it manages to be neither. "Zif!"

"Still my name, yes." She flicks one ear at me. I detach, stand back a half step. "How long have I been in Trauma? I haven't checked a calendar yet."

"Months. I was worried." I sit down in my chair. Gravity, optional in this place, still wishes to assert itself against me. "It's nearly May."

"So long?" I'm not used to seeing her look concerned. "How time does fly when one is unconscious." Her ears lie flat, and then pull themselves back up again. "But it seems you've been safe enough. You've stayed here?"

"Ah. Aside from the one trip to the Marches, yes." Her ears lie flat again. "Which was nothing to worry about. I was in good company, and we only, ah, ran into one patch of trouble." One cannot lie in the language of Heaven, and my words carry overtones of how much trouble I was in, for all my efforts to reassure her.

"You still the Cherub of Judgment attuned to you--"

"...ah. Not anymore. He removed the attachment after Jean gave me my Choir attunement."

"Congratulations. But. They sent you into the Marches without any Cherub to guard you?" The last time I heard her tone grow so cold, she was about to go speak her mind to an angel who'd spoken unkindly to me, and Zif isn't the sort to do anything angrily without great provocation. "I will have to have words with Gariel."

"I've missed you, Zif." What I've wanted to say for months, and not half of what I ought to tell her.

"It is healthy to form attachments to other people, and to need the presence of others," she says, her ears slowly relaxing. To be a counselor again might distract her from an argument I'd rather she not have on my behalf. "I hope that you have not felt isolated in my absence."

"There are other people who will listen if I need to speak. There are others who would speak in my defense if they thought it necessary. And there are others who would try to protect me. But I missed you, Zif. I, ah, care for you." My smile should be friendly and true, not this lopsided one I'm wearing. "Friendship is still new to me. Please forgive me if I presume."

"I would be glad to have you as a friend as well as my attuned, Mannie." She steps forward to look over the notes on my desk. "You have been busy while I was away. Good. How has your work been progressing?"

"Moderately well, though the most recent project is complicated. You have the most fortuitous sense of timing; I'm about to request that they send me to Earth, for investigation of a potential Tether with ties to the project. Would you be willing to, ah, lend your support to my request?"

"If you'll agree to keep away when demons begin destroying things, yes," she says. "I don't intend to let you run into rooms ahead of me again. Personal attachments are all very well, but you shouldn't let them overwhelm your intellect."

"You're sure you're not an Elohite."

"Hooves, Mannie." She stamps one to demonstrate.

"There's always Numinous Corpus..." The snort she gives me is entirely equine. I smile at her, and turn back to my desk. "This note is illegible. Where is that reliever when I--"

"You're back!" The reliever flap in my door slams open as Maharang darts through. "Hey, boss, did you get my note?"

I hold up the wet bit of paper to demonstrate.

"...oops. Sorry about that! Not on the coffee cup, right? Except if I put it in the middle of your desk there are all those other pieces of paper and I wouldn't want the note to get lost, but if I put it on the coffee cup you're sure to notice." Maharang lands on my shoulder, and scratches its head. "Maybe if I turned the coffee cup upside down first? Except then I'd get coffee everywhere. I bet I could design a lid for the cup, though!"

"The note, Maharang. Do you remember what it said?"

"Oh! Sure. That was from Kai. Said she couldn't get through on your phone, so she called Gariel, and he told her it was probably just the Marches interfering with the lines if the problem was no ring and not no answer, and not to worry, so then she asked to be passed to me, and I got to take the message!" The reliever poses proudly for a moment. "And I took the message and left it on your cup, which of course I shouldn't have done, but the lid design shouldn't be too hard."

"The message, Maharang." I do believe Zif is trying to hide a smirk.

"Oh! Right. Kai says hi, and how are you doing, hope your project is going well, and by the way would you make sure not to mention her current job or location to Judgment because she needs to work out a teensy little related issue that having them show up might not be ideal for, thanks very much, and Lin called her to remind her to remind you about the Bright Lilim Tea Party scheduled for a week from Friday so don't forget to attend if you're back in Heaven at the time because you wouldn't want to disappoint Lin would you?" The reliever pauses, and looks thoughtful. "Also we talked for a while about cooking, but that wasn't part of the message. I gave her a recipe for chocolate chip cookies, though, and she told me about how to set hard-boiled eggs on fire. Or not set them on fire, I forget which."

"Kai... doesn't want me to mention her current assignment to Judgment."

"Yup!"

"Kai. Who hugs Judges. Who breaks Seraphim's brains without even trying by being too helpful. Who offers investigating triads tea and cookies."

"Exploding tea!" Maharang adds, enthusiastically. The reliever is at that age when all explosions are something to be enthusiastic about.

"...I'm sure that part isn't deliberate. And she called to tell me specifically not to mention her job to Judgment?"

"And to remember the party!"

"...ah. Of course." I blink helplessly at Zif. "You understand why I need to get down there."

"At this point, even I'm curious." Zif nods. "I'll support your request. So long as you don't run into rooms full of demons before me."

"Deal."

"So I'm the only one disturbed by this."

Jack patted Sharon on the shoulder with his free arm. His other arm was occupied with helping Kai walk. "You'll get used to it. And we all came out of that alive, so it's all good."

The human gritted her teeth. "Why do I have to carry the foot?"

"Sorry," said Kai, from the other side of Jack. "I could try carrying the box--"

"No! No, I can... I can take care of it." Sharon hefted the box and tried not to think about what was inside it. The snow they'd packed in was seeping through the cardboard, turning her cold hands wetter and colder.

"True," said Nip. She still had her arms full of all the folders they'd been toting about. "I'm not looking forward to the next time we run into Judgment."

"Hey, I thought they were demons!" Jack hauled Kai along, and sighed. "There has got to be a better way of twigging demons than 'Oh, hey, they're evil and using Songs.'"

"Such as waiting for Kai or I to hit one, and seeing if there's any disturbance to be heard?" Nip asked. "Or noticing that all the Songs they were using were corporeal, or--"

"Okay, so I was hasty. But, hello, smiting evil, protecting the innocent from danger. Give me a little credit here." Jack poked Kai, who swayed in his grip. The Ofanite was doing a remarkably good job of walking for someone missing a foot and large quantities of blood, but there were limits even to angelic fortitude. "You understand, right?"

"Oh, sure. The bit where you threw that guy across the room was marvelous. In retrospect, a bad idea, but it looked great." Kai grinned across Jack at Sharon. "You did a good job yourself, you know."

"I screamed my head off and kicked a vampire in the knee, Kai. I'm not sure that counts as a good job." Sharon shifted the box under one arm, and tried to wipe the soggy cardboard bits off her sleeve. "Compared to you going all Jackie Chan with a door knob."

"It was at hand. And you did fine! The screaming distracted them, as did the kicking."

"And then I accidentally kicked Nip--"

"But not hard! So that's an improvement."

Nip swung an arm around Sharon's shoulders. "Face it. You're starting to get used to this."

"And ten gives you one, she was having fun back there."

Sharon rolled her eyes. "Oh, come on. I'm up for fighting evil as much as the next clued-in human with half a brain, but that doesn't mean I was..." She faltered under Nip's smirk. "Okay, so in retrospect I enjoyed myself. A little." She no longer hesitated when the others wandered across the street against the light, but looked both ways as she followed. "There has to be a better way to do this than bursting into the room and beating things up until the evil goes away."

"We did shout 'Candygram!' on entering," said Jack. "So it's not just bursting into the room."

"You shouted that, and..." Sharon paused, and recalled the several startled faces that looked back at them for a moment. "You are not telling me that was part of a clever plan."

"That's Windies for you. Always with a clever plan." Kai snickered, and stumbled in the snow. "Ow. Curb."

"Although sometimes the clever plan only consists of 'run'," Nip added. "But there's a place in the Symphony for people bursting through the door with guns. Or door knobs."

"It was a very shiny door knob!" Kai said enthusiastically, stepping away from Jack, and nearly fell face-first before the Mercurian caught her. "It did great damage, and thus it was holy. Though not so holy as caffeine. Could we stop for coffee somewhere? I could really go for a mocha, and maybe a sugar cookie if the place has them, or even one of those oatmeal cookies with the raisins in it, as long as it's not a really crunchy one, because oatmeal cookies ought to be chewy. Thus saith the Lord. Ow. Fire hydrant."

"We get your foot re-attached, then we get coffee." Jack frowned. "If we could just find that Flowers Servitor... Where else does one of those go? We checked the children's museum, three parks, the zoo, and the vintage records shop."

"We could check a coffee shop," Kai suggested.

"Hey, who's in charge here?"

"You are," Kai admitted, "but wouldn't your Boss approve of a daring mutiny where power is wrested from the stagnant order in favor of the idealistic new regime?"

"...maybe. And I am not stagnant!"

"It was only a hypothetical, Jack. But if we don't stop soon, my pants are going to rip and the shoe will fall off. I didn't have much to work with, and I keep getting snow inside the shoe. Did you know that having cold snow running past parts of your body that usually aren't exposed to the air is really uncomfortable?"

"Which is why we're looking for Lily, who's supposed to be able to fix you. Now stop whining and try to walk faster."

Sharon juggled the box to her other arm. "Hey, puppy," she said, as a sleek yellow dog came sauntering up to her, tail wagging. "What are you doing out in the cold alone?" The dog had a collar, but no dangling leash to indicate someone chasing.

The world vanished, replaced by a dreamy haze.

Sharon blinked, and she was sitting on a couch in a coffee shop, a mug of hot chocolate clasped in her hands. "Here," Kai said, passing her a cookie. "They don't have sugar cookies or oatmeal ones, but the chocolate chip cookies have little toffee bits." The box was gone, and from what she could see Kai's left shoe wasn't stapled to her pants anymore.

She drank down the hot chocolate, just barely cool enough to not burn her mouth. "I thought Lily was a Mercurian."

"She is, and we haven't seen her yet. But a Kyriotate of Flowers noticed us back in the children's museum, and caught up once it could spare the Forces." Jack worked his way through a donut. "It had to finish a presentation on the water cycle first."

"Have I mentioned that I still find Kyriotates creepy?"

"That time in San Diego when you got a Shedite stuck in your head and we had to track down a Kyriotate to get it out," Nip said. She licked whipped cream off the top of her drink. "And then again in that little town in New Mexico, during the incident with the ice cream shop. I believe your opinion on this matter has been well established."

"Well. Just so long as that's clear." Sharon dunked the cookie she'd been given into her hot chocolate. "New rule. Every time I get a celestial stuck in my head, I get to choose our next activity. Fair enough?"

"Sounds fair to me," said Kai.

"You would say that." Jack swiped Kai's cookie while the Ofanite was distracted by the conversation. "Sharon always chooses activities you approve of."

"You're only annoyed because she beat you at DDR." Kai grinned over her chai. "Admit it."

"She got lucky."

"It's all in the skill, baby." Sharon settled down on the couch, and smiled at them. Body parts might get detached, and havoc might lie in their wake, but some things never changed.

When I finish the conversation and put away my phone, all three of them are watching me. Al's the only who's pretending to be focused on something else, fiddling with a wired joint; Polly and Sirius are content to stare. There's a reason I've learned the fine art of keeping half-conversations innocent-sounding. "So, Al," I say, "what do you think?"

"That was your boyfriend?" He turns his back to me, pointedly working on his machine.

"As good a word as any for the relationship, sure." The mass of metal creates a perfect place to orbit, and when I keep moving, he can't keep his back to me. "He's... okay, if I say 'a nice guy' I'll give the wrong impression, but he's a scientist. He gets this sort of stuff."

"I don't want anyone else working on this. It's mine."

"I understand that, Al. I'm not going to let anyone touch it. They only want to take a look." From the other side of the machine, I can catch glimpses of his face as I pass. It would be easier to read his body language if his every posture didn't default to defensive hunching.

"I don't want them to see me."

"I won't let anyone in here without giving you warning ahead of time, and even then not for long." Passing behind him on the orbit, I pat him on the shoulder. He twitches, and drops a tool. Possibly not the right time for a hug. "My Boss gave me the job to protect this place, and right now you're part of this place, so my job extends to protecting you. I won't call in anyone who'd hurt you."

"I believe you," he says, "but... I mean. Look at me." He spreads his arms, stands in front of me in all his scruffy teenage glory. "What do you see?"

"Someone who's bought into the corporate advertising scheme, judging by your shirt," I say. "I've never understood the appeal of walking around advertising a clothing company. There's something redundant about it."

"Glowing! Horns!"

"Well, that too." I shrug, spin on one foot as long as he's taking the time to face me. It would be rude to keep walking when he's trying to hold a serious conversation. "But that's a matter of appearance, not of who you are."

"Yeah, and even you jumped me when you first saw me. You think other people aren't going to react the same way?"

"Al, you threw tools at me." I sweep my way through a series of steps, nothing but a warm-up exercise I used for my intermediate classes. "Besides, I thought you were a demon at the time. And I did apologize."

"You run into many demons in your line of work?" He taps a wrench against his palm. "A line of work you haven't told me about yet. I mean, what are you, a demon hunter or something?"

"On occasion." I bow neatly to him, and return to my pacing. "I've had various jobs. Spent some time on a road trip with friends, worked a temp job as a secretary--"

"What, for a demon?"

"...yes. But that's beside the point. I used to teach ballet, which didn't involve any demons. At least, not in class." Dozens of names and faces, hundreds over the years, children and teenagers who came to class to learn how to make their bodies into art, or only to occupy their time. Several dead in one manner or another, two Soldiers of God, dancers and writers and bus drivers and teachers and parents. That vessel's long gone, and I've been given another job, no way to go back and trace the lives of those children anymore.

"You miss that job?"

"It's that obvious?" I give Al a half-smile from the other side of a set of gears. "I do. Had that job longer than any other."

"So what happened? Why did you quit?"

"Did a favor for a friend. Ended up away from my job for a few weeks, and then the favor I'd been doing got unexpectedly messy." Or maybe I should have expected it, should have known better, should have prepared myself so that I could have kept the Role and vessel. Who would be talking to Al right now if I were still back there? Maybe someone better equipped to deal with the job, but then that angel wouldn't be doing whatever job they're on now, and... I can't start second-guessing myself. What's past is past.

"So you're part of some sort of uber-secret organization that hunts demons and teaches ballet? What do you do for a hobby?"

I laugh at his skeptical tone. "We do more than that. But, as for me, my hobbies are cooking and driving fast. Having no functioning kitchen and no means of transportation faster than my own two feet, I'll settle for doing the laundry and picking up lunch. What do you want? Chinese?"

"I'm not in the mood for Chinese." He scratches the back of his head with the wrench. "Fortune cookies creep me out. Half of them don't even tell a fortune, they're just like 'You are a good person at heart' or something pointless like that. A real fortune cookie should say, I don't know, 'You're about to get cursed, don't make any long-term plans.' Or I'd even settle for 'Remember not to throw hammers at people until you've been introduced.'"

"That's a good life lesson there. Tacos fine?"

"Sure, so long as they don't put cilantro in them. I hate that stuff."

"No cilantro, check. Anything else before I head out?"

Al's shoulders curl in even further than before. "When's your, um, when are your friends showing up?"

"Not for hours; they'll need to work out transportation. Don't worry, I'll let you know when they're here."

He nods, and crouches down by series of wires he's been twisting into springs.

I collect laundry from the room where he's been sleeping, stuff it into his backpack, and head out through the basement door, asking the Symphony for directions to the nearest laundromat.

#

When sunset hits I'm sitting on the roof, Sirius beside me. "See, when the Earth rotates, that makes it look like the sun is going down. And the light comes in at an angle where it starts hitting dust in the atmosphere, and that's the sunset."

The ethereal hound cocks one ear. "Where I used to live, the sun was a tiny globe in the sky, and it rose or fell at the whim of the Lords of the Hunt. Sometimes it would split into pieces, and each piece would glow a different color." His tail thumps against the ground. "I followed my master to Earth for a hunt twice, both times at night. I could come to like sunsets. Do they happen often?"

"Every twenty-four hours, weather permitting. But if you think a sunset is great, you should see a sunrise."

"Spoken like a human who regains Essence at noon. I prefer nights, thank you." Sirius rolls over on his back, paws dangling in the air. "Kai, let me speak frankly. I worry about Al, and I fear that my old master will find me and drag me back. I couldn't refuse him, if he should call for me. If I leave him, will you watch Al? He's given me this chance to be here, and I cannot repay him."

"I'll try." All the sunset's gone red and gold; the darker colors approach at the edges. "I have other loyalties, but so long as he doesn't turn evil on me, I'll try to protect him."

"Thank you." Sirius rolls back onto his stomach, and props his head on my leg. "I can't help being loyal. It's one of my strands."

"I can understand that." He could no more resist his master's call than I could stand still when motion was called for. All of us ethereals and celestials tied up in essential concepts, while humans are free to spin as far from one end to the other as they dare.

"You're not human, are you, Kai?"

I scratch Sirius behind the ears. "Why do you say that?"

His tail thumps a rapid rhythm against the concrete of the rooftop. "My old master dealt with sorcerers. You know things that even the most powerful sorcerers garble, the proper names for things, and you don't treat it like hard-earned knowledge to hide or trade. Any sorcerer, finding someone of Al's power, would have tried to kill him as a rival or take him as an apprentice, but you've offered him protection while telling him to leave off sorcery."

"What do you think I am, Sirius?"

He considers this. "I would call you a servant of Nightmares, but you are, if I may say so, insufficiently subtle. Few other demons would truck with sorcerers casually without pushing Al further towards power. You could be an ethereal, but you speak confidently of a larger organization, and few of my sort have allies to call up on a whim. I believe you serve the Host. Is this true?"

I push his head off my leg gently, and stand up. "I'm no Seraph. I try to keep my word, but you can't trust that everything I say is true."

The hound pads along behind me as I circuit the dead gardens of the roof. "You are an angel. A human would claim her own humanity and be done with this, but even if you're no Seraph, you're trying not to lie to me. Who do you serve?"

"Now you're asking the really personal questions." I don't want to have this discussion with him, not when it means I'll need to think harder about what I'm going to tell the next triad I see. Judgment isn't fond of ethereals on Earth, in much the way Malakim aren't fond of Balseraphs.

"There aren't many of your masters -- your Archangels, who would let their servants deal with ethereals on friendly terms. You can't be serving the Wind, for you've been here more than three days. One who was serving Flowers wouldn't have attacked that child downstairs, not even when provoked. Only a few options remain."

"You're remarkably well-informed for a dog, Sirius."

The ethereal makes a barking sound I translate as laughter. "My old master was loaned out to Beleth from time to time, when the Lords of the Hunt deemed it appropriate. Demons are liars, but one can learn a remarkable amount by listening quietly, especially when the speakers cannot see past my image. I had a long time to learn."

"And yet you didn't know the Earth orbits the sun, and not the other way around." I sit on the roof's wall as darkness creeps in around us. "All that time, and you didn't learn that much?"

"Well." Sirius sits in front of me, and scratches himself. "I was paying more attention to some things than others."

My phone chimes at me. "Hello?"

"We've reached the city," Mannie says, "after a few, ah, slight delays to make sure everyone was in appropriate attire. We'll reach the coffee shop in about twenty minutes."

"Great," I say, and wonder how I'm going to explain this. "I'll meet you there."

I put away the phone, and look down at Sirius. Even in dim lighting no one could mistake him for an ordinary dog. "When they come over--"

"I'll be out of sight." Sirius wags his tail, standing up. "Come, Kai, I'm no fool. Unless they threaten Al, I'll approach no strangers without good reason. And I'll make sure Polly stays out of sight as well, which is never difficult with her."

"Good dog."

"Thank you."

Amets won't stop tugging at his T-shirt. "People really wear these things."

"Around here, they do." Zif drives entirely unlike an Ofanite, staying at the speed limit and observing every sign. "Surely you've seen such attire in dreams."

"Of course, but I see all sorts of outfits in dreams, some impossible on the corporeal plane, and many highly impractical." He sighs, his vessel's age lending an air of petulance to the sound. "I was fond of Edwardian dress."

"Perhaps you should get to the corporeal plane more often," I suggest. "To keep up with how these things change."

"I have better things to do with my time than maintain a Role. It's not my calling." Amets stares out the window in the back seat, nose pressed up against the glass like a child even younger than his vessel would indicate. "I will admit that cars travel faster than horses. But I'm not fond of staying long on this plane. Everything feels... awkward. Like I'm slower and weaker."

"I know the feeling." I set aside the journal I've been browsing, one I picked up back at the Tether while we were trying to get Amets's vessel into something passable for a modern thirteen-year-old boy. There's nothing in there that I haven't heard about, or in some cases disproven.

"How do you deal with combat on the corporeal plane, knowing that you're weaker here than in the Marches?" Amets leans forward between the seats to ask this, looking up at me with sharp dark eyes.

"I run away."

"Typical."

"You would do better to run away more often," Zif says to me, not taking her eyes off the road for an instant. "I seem to recall two separate incidents of you running into groups of demons. Ahead of me."

"There were extenuating circumstances, Zif." Though on reflection, at least in the second instance, I was acting more hastily than justified.

"You have a strange definition of running away," says the Malakite.

Zif snorts in a manner more suited to her Cherub form than her professionally-dressed vessel. "Tell me about it."

Kai's recommended coffee shop is so far away from corporate that it's nearly fallen into anarchy. There's a main room filled with mismatched tables and chairs, and then half a dozen doorways to side rooms of more comfortable, and more private, seating. Zif takes a brisk look around the shop, and then leads us back between groups of patrons with laptops, notebooks, stacks of textbooks, to one of the side rooms.

Kai grins as we come in, and darts forward to hug me. She somehow avoids pouring her drink down my back, though I can't imagine how. "Hi," she says. "Good to see you. And, hey, Zif! It's been a while. How are you doing?"

"Well enough." Zif sits down, and the rest of us follow suit. "Kai, this is Amets, Malakite of Dreams. Amets--"

"Kai, Ofanite of Lightning, I know," he says, waving away the introduction.

"Lightning? Where'd you get that idea?" Kai laughs, and starts handing out drinks. "Coffee, chai, coffee -- you do like coffee, right?" She's already dropped in as much sugar and cream as I like. Odd, how the smallest touches of consideration can feel so important.

"Black," says the Malakite, taking the cup.

"That's what I thought."

"I'd assumed--"

"That I was Lightning? Nah, I don't have the brains to be a Sparky." Kai settles back with her own drink. "Creation. Anyone want a cookie?" We decline, and she takes a bite of the one she was offering. "Anyway," the Ofanite continues, around a mouthful of crumbs, "thanks for coming by. I'm kinda weirded out by the whole situation, and in over my head. No idea what to do at this point. Okay, some idea, but my working plan is more of a holding pattern than a flight plan."

"Start at the beginning," says Zif. "Summarize. We can ask for more details as needed from there."

"Right. Well." Kai drinks her mocha more slowly than usual, staring off into space. "Did I mention this is kinda complicated?"

"I believe we've gathered that," says Amets dryly. "Would you like to explain how?"

"Um. Starting from the beginning. My Boss calls and gives me a job to find this particular Tether, protect it, and make sure it stays pointed towards Heaven, right?" She takes another bite of cookie. "And he says it's not going to be his, no matter what. So. I found the Tether, sent Mannie pictures, and you're all here now and we can figure out who the Tether belongs to and get it taken care of."

"And the complicated part?" Zif asks.

"Yeah. You know how I said it was the work of one kid, putting this thing together?" Kai frowns into her mocha. "That's the start of the complicated part, because he's, um, Gorgon, I think."

"You think?" Amets says, more sharply than he has cause for.

"Well. It's possible his mom was mistaken about the nature of his father, or lying to him, and he's actually Nephallite. But it's not often you meet a human with horns and a green glow about him."

Zif touches one finger to her forehead, as close as her vessel gets to indicating stress on her part. "You're sure he isn't a demon masquerading as a human?"

"Thought he was a demon at first. Hit him. Hello, disturbance." Kai's face has slid into a near-mope. "Can't believe I did that right by the Tether... I'm lucky it didn't break apart."

"Kai," says Zif, in one of her more neutral counselor voices, "I can see how this could complicate matters, but I don't see why you wouldn't report this to Judgment. They won't hold a child's parentage against him, even if they will be anxious to track down his parents and prevent this from happening again."

"Well. It's a little bit more complicated than that. Don't have to worry about his mother, she's dead from some ethereal she summoned up, or maybe a demon, it's hard to tell from his descriptions."

"His mother was a sorcerer?" Amets asks, sitting up very straight.

"Yeah. And. See, this is the complicated part..." Kai trails off, and studies her mocha intently.

My coffee is getting cold. I take a sip. "He's a sorcerer too."

"Kinda. He's not doing anything with that at the moment, but..." Kai shakes her head. "I know that Judgment is just, but they're, well, sometimes a little bit less than entirely reasonable on certain subjects. I can't blame them when it comes to sorcery, but he's an okay kid, just one that got screwed over half a dozen ways by his parents. It's not his fault, and he doesn't even know that what he's doing is wrong. If I call them about this, things get messy." She breaks her cookie into fragments and crumbs, and I can tell she's worried when she's not eating the pieces. "If anything happens to Al, this Tether won't last long. It's his baby."

"The first order of business is to get that Tether stabilized," says Zif. "If it dissolves, much of this debate becomes moot. Should it be discovered while its upper end rests in Hell, the current situation would become even more complicated. You don't know what Words it links to in Heaven?"

"No, I haven't been able to get any clear reading. If the Boss hadn't said it wasn't his, I'd think Creation. As it is? Lightning, Dreams..." She shrugs, and sets down her long-empty mug. "I'm glad all of you are here. I'm not an expert in Tethers. Or sorcerers. Or ethereals."

"What are you good at?" Amets asks, not as rudely as he might have spoken to a Sparky, but not so politely that the urge to smack him is easy to resist.

"Dancing. Driving. Doing serious damage with unusual objects. Quoting famous playwrights and poets." Kai gathers the crumbs of her cookie. "Not cooking, according to my last triad. Metaphysics and the Marches, no. What did you do, in your last assignment on Earth?"

Amets tugs at his T-shirt. "There was a boarding school for boys. The headmaster was Hellsworn, he terrified them all, and the children could do nothing. I was sent to guard their dreams, to give them hope and courage against the cruelty. Why do you ask?"

"Perspective," says Kai. She stands up, and begins gathering napkins, empty cups. "I'll head back and let Al know you're here. He doesn't want to meet anyone, for obvious reasons. Stop by in about an hour, and I'll show you the way in. You can't go in through the front door. Wherever this Tether ends up going, we ought to look into buying the property. The place would still make a nice community center, if it got fixed up and a real staff. Or a museum, art gallery, something like that." Her tone has turned wistful, and I'm reminded of where she last worked. And whose fault it is that she's no longer there.

Then she's gone, and I'm left with Zif and Amets. The Malakite rips open a sugar packet to add to his coffee, despite his early claims. "I'm the only one here who knows the Song needed to hold a wild Tether stable until an Archangel arrives. Should this Tether be split between Dreams and Lightning, I must give my Lady the first opportunity to determine if it suits her needs."

"Admirable dedication," says Zif, "but not a practical solution for such a problem. Lightning is better equipped to guard and support a new Tether. We spend more time cultivating them in strategically useful positions."

"Is Lightning better equipped to support a Tether created by a Gorgon sorcerer, with ethereals lurking in the corners?" Amets drinks from his cup, makes a face, and adds another packet of sugar. "Servitors of your Archangel aren't in the habit of letting ethereals run free on this plane, in strict accordance with our Lord Commander's preferences."

"We can let them be if it is more useful to do so than to send them back to the Marches," Zif says.

Amets rolls his eyes; he seems to be adopting teenage mannerisms in his current vessel. "How very... Elohite."

"We try," says Zif, and I say nothing, nothing at all to this. "While I concede that you're more experienced with ethereals, we know more about Tethers."

"Quantity," says the Malakite, "does not equate to quality."

I stand up. "Forgive me if I step out of this debate." Zif begins to stand. "Don't worry, I'm not going far."

There's still a fair amount of money in my pockets, left over from when I was a demon. I haven't had much need to buy things on the corporeal plane since redemption. I get a fresh cup of coffee in a disposable cup, and head outside. Zif could find me anywhere I went, and she'll know if I'm in danger.

I haven't an Ofanite's sense of direction, so I wander down the street, looking into store windows as I pass. This area lingers on the fine line between the realm of struggling artists and ordinary low-income neighborhoods, too grimy to be the one and too full of single adults to be the other.

The lingering unease at the back of my mind resolves into a focus, near the end of the coffee: Kai was too quiet and subdued for my taste. When my Ofanite is annoyed at something, he complains about it, moves on to another subject in the space of a few minutes, and leaves the mood behind. He must be seriously worried to lay out the problem to us like that, and then disappear again. I'll have to find a time to speak privately. Running around on the corporeal plane with no idea what one's Superior is up to or when you might hear from him again can't be good for any angel's state of mind. All the more so if Kai now feels the need to dodge Judgment, who he'd always relied on before.

But this might only be what he's like when he's on assignment for Eli. When Jack introduced us, I was a self-absorbed demon trying to figure out how to sneak away from a pack of angels without running into the Game, and he was taking time off of work to do a favor for a friend. By the time he got back to that job, I was wrapped up in myself for different reasons. This is the first time I've seen him working on a project given to him by his Boss.

And his project is to support a Tether that isn't even pointing towards Creation? No wonder trying to predict Eli gives Judgment headaches. Superiors are ineffable, but some of them make more of a point of it than others. With Jean, at least I know--

In the reflection of a window, a figure I haven't seen in two centuries. I manage not to react, only keep moving. If I were in danger, Zif would be running this way.

I stop at a light to cross the street and head back to where Zif and Amets are waiting. The demon's out of sight again, and I am so glad to have a Cherub attuned to me. For all that I'm trying not to let on that I've seen anything, my pace grows brisker as I move back towards the coffee shop. Having a Malakite nearby might prove more useful than I'd expected, even if Amets hasn't the strength that he does in the Marches.

"I should let you know that the weapon I'm holding would do a significant amount of damage to you," says a sweet voice from behind me, "so would you do me the favor of not making any sudden movements?"

"Good evening, Aglaya." I leave my hands out of my pockets. I have nothing dangerous in there anyway. Kai could do creative things with a few pens, a notebook, and a handful of change, but that's not one of my talents. I can wait until Zif arrives. Besides, if this weapon does damage to things besides me, the disturbance might weaken the Tether, and I'd rather not upset Kai. "It has been some time."

"Two centuries. Unless you count the conference we both attended. Or -- well. I was in a different vessel that other time, so maybe you don't remember that one." One finger taps me in the back. "Forward, and into that shop on the right."

I move along at a leisurely pace. My hands want to wrap up inside my pockets, but I'd rather not be shot before Zif can arrive. "What brings you here?"

"I could ask you the same." The man behind the counter of the vintage clothing shop gives us a friendly smile as we enter. "James, do you mind if I use the back room? It's been a while since we last got together, and we have a lot of catching up to do."

"Go right ahead. I'm closing shop in half an hour anyway. Just remember to lock the door if you go out the back." He waves us along happily. Impudites always have the most enthusiastic human friends. "Try not to let the cat out."

"You're a doll. Thanks." Aglaya moves forward to wrap one arm around me, and escorts me into the back room. Boxes of unsorted clothing lie stacked around a small desk, and a calico cat lifts its head as we enter. "Now," Aglaya says, shutting the door behind her, "unless your new Archangel has been dropping Forces on you in a manner unlike standard procedure, we both know I'm stronger than you, faster than you, and, let us not forget, still holding this." I recognize the gun she waves at me. I designed it. A boring project, but a successful one. "So don't do anything stupid. I mean, that would be atypical of you, wouldn't it?"

I sit down on the desk and cross my arms. "Quite." I have no desire to take a shot from that gun, and where is Zif? I would have heard the disturbance if anyone had sung up a shield to block her attunement. "I notice that you're not buying the Renegade story."

"Hell's propaganda works less well on one born in Heaven," Aglaya says, leaning back against the door. There are subtle changes in her appearance from the last time I saw her; a vessel lost, and her new one modeled after the old. She's a few centimeters taller, five years older in appearance, dressed in the eclectic style of the sort of person who would frequent a vintage clothing shop. She wears sunglasses inappropriate for the time of day, and entirely appropriate for any demon used to dealing with Lilim. It reminds me strangely of the first vessel I saw Kelly in. "I'm hardly about to gainsay the party line, but a Lilim running about with angels doesn't always mean Renegade demon." She brushes a piece of hair out of her face with her free hand. "They finally made sure everyone in the organization knew you were Renegade after the third lab went up in flames."

"Ice," I say. "The second one went up in flames. The third one was when the freeze-ray exploded." And that had been a small disappointment; I would have preferred to run off with the equipment to study and dropped a heavier load of dissonance on all the demons involved.

"Ah, quite right. I had the order reversed. What with those two being taken out less than a week apart." She laughs shortly. "There's been a general call for anyone you might have a hook on to report to their immediate supervisor for reassignment, to avoid tracking. Those who are smart enough not to say anything are considered intelligent enough to deal with the situation should you lead angels to them."

"And you'd be one of those who knows better than to report in." I spin one finger in the air, as if reeling in a hook attached to a string. "Or you wouldn't be here."

"You used all your hooks on me back in Russia, Mannie. I remember how complicated that became."

"I used up two; didn't have time or use for you, to use any more of them." I give her my practiced smile, the one she'll recognize. "You thought I didn't have more?"

Aglaya stares at me for a moment. "Foolish of me."

"Quite."

She sighs, and tucks away the gun. "Well, then. You have me at a disadvantage. You could Geas me before I was sure it was time to shoot." Which means she didn't intend to shoot me out of hand. I'm not comfortable with the idea that I'm in little enough danger that Zif hasn't even noticed. "May I ask how many? Or how strong?"

I sort quickly through the hooks waiting in the back of my mind, and find the ones labeled with her name. "A few small ones. Minor favors. One of the strongest."

"A year of my time." A trace of unease passes across her face. There's a number of things I could make her do that would put her in serious trouble with Vapula, the Game, or both.

"If I asked for it. But I have no need for an untrustworthy Impudite as a servant, and Judgment would look amiss at that sort of thing. I'm not ruling out the possibility, either." I pull out my notebook, making notes about what this encounter might mean. "Were you looking for me, or are you here on some other project?"

"Another project," she says. "A potential Tether to Technology. I was sent here to locate the wild Tether based on the gremlin's report, and determine if it had been correct or only trying to grab for favor. It's not very smart; doing something that stupid would be plausible." She smirks at my expression. "And, yes, I'm telling you about my current assignment. I suspect you're here for the same reason, so why do otherwise? Angels travel in packs, and no doubt you have a Cherub somewhere on your heels. I have no desire to lose this vessel in a vain attempt to find the place. I'll say the gremlin was lying or mistaken, and be done with it."

"Why draw me off here to talk, rather than reporting my location to the Game and being done with it?"

Aglaya shrugs. "Because they might decide to eliminate me as well to avoid information leaks about Bright Lilim? Because I'd rather stay out of their attention, and I know trying to curry favor with the Game is a fool's pastime? Or maybe I just wanted to talk for old time's sake."

"Now, the first two of those I could believe." I make a note to ask Zif about the location of the closest known Vapulan Tether. "Considering what a bastard I used to be, I have a hard time believing anyone would seek me out to chat."

"You were not, ah, entirely a bastard, Mannie." She smiles faintly at me. "Self-absorbed and power-hungry, obsessive about having everything done as you preferred, and ready to shred anyone who stood in your way, but that comes with being a Vapulan, so I didn't take it personally. Besides. You did me a kindness or two, and even if you did these things for the favors I'd owe you, I remember that you did them."

"I wanted competent subordinates. Not everyone works best when terrified or furious."

"So you had selfish motivations. You still kept me from being ripped apart by the others, or dissolving into a useless wreck." Aglaya spins a pen between her fingers. "I should have realized back then, that you would serve Lightning well. That is where you ended up, isn't it? I was more concerned with myself than casual observation."

"Aglaya, much as I love catching up on what a miserable bastard I used to be and reminiscing over painful memories, could you get to the point? I do have things to do. And I suspect you'd rather not wait until the Cherub and Malakite come looking for me."

Most demons would twitch to hear about that pair heading in their direction, but she only looks... sad. "Probably no one I know," she says, more to herself than to me. "You're quite right. I may stay in this area a while longer, to give the impression that I searched thoroughly, but I'd rather not run into them. Would you loan me a sheet of paper for a moment?"

I rip out a sheet from my notebook, and pass it over. She bends over the desk next to where I sit, and writes briskly. "I'm not surprised," she says, as she writes. "That you would end up redeeming. Always more interested in the science than the politics. He would appreciate that sort of thing. He always did." The paper she hands is me covered in names and addresses. "Here. I've been... I've been meaning to put this together for a while. Find a way to deliver it. You're here, you're not trying to kill me yet, I might as well seize the opportunity."

"What are these?" I think I recognize one or two of the names. Demons of Technology.

"Redemption candidates. In my estimation. Real name, Role name, current location." She smiles nervously, sunglasses not hiding much of her expression. "My judgment is not precise. I can't read people the way -- I can't read people as well as some. But these are the ones who care more about their work than their position in the hierarchy, who don't go out of their way to be cruel. I've marked the ones who asked me about Heaven, though some of those might have been trying to determine my loyalty to turn me in for a reward, so it's not foolproof."

I fold the paper in half, and tuck it away inside of my jacket. "Why?"

"You don't trust me. I can't blame you. I wouldn't trust me." She folds her arms tightly. As if she's trying to hold herself together. "I think that everyone gets a choice. One chance to decide who they are. Every name I've given you belongs to someone who was made in Hell. It's only fair to give them a chance to choose differently."

"And what about you?"

"What about me?" She turns her back to me, staring at the door. "I had a choice, I made it. That's the end of the matter. I realize that as newly-redeemed you're all gung-ho to help everyone else make the same choice, but believe me, Mannie, I've thought about this."

"Including the part where the Game would skin you alive as a warm-up exercise to the real interrogation, if they found out about this."

"What, are you going to tell them?" She looks over her shoulder at me. "I didn't think so. All demons have their little secrets and betrayals. This will be mine. I'll fit in better with the rest of them now."

"But you used to--"

"I don't want to talk about it, Mannie." She takes a deep breath. "So. I've given you the list. You can do what you want with it. Even if you decide not to do anything with the names, that's a whole series of addresses for places that Vapula is working. I'm sure Lightning would be interested. Now I'm leaving, before your friends show up. Please remind them that if I end up back at my Heart, it's likely someone will be sent to investigate this potential Tether more thoroughly." She unlocks the back door. "Strangely enough, it was good to see you again. Try to avoid the Game. I'd hate to see you back in Hell."

I count to sixty, and then follow. She's gone, disappeared into the crowds building as people head out for dinner and entertainment. I could have geased her to tell no one she'd seen me, but she could always throw Essence into resisting the Geas, and then I'd be back to the problem of disturbance rattling at Kai's wild Tether. The reasons she gave for not mentioning my presence were good ones. Too well prepared to make me comfortable accepting them as truth. What I would give for a Seraph's resonance, or an Elohite's, to get a hint of how trustworthy someone might be. I can only discover what they need.

I would very much like to know what Aglaya needs. That she was careful to hide her eyes suggests deception, but she thought I hadn't any hooks left on her. She might have only been worried about my ability to track her down afterward.

Zif and Amets look up as I enter; both have acquired refills on their coffee while I was gone. "You were gone longer than I expected," Zif says. "Did something come up?"

"You could say that. I ran into an old coworker." I sit down, and shake my head at Zif's sudden tension. "You'd have known if I were in any danger. She may still tell the Game, but it's unlikely."

Amets sets aside his mug. "If you can tell me where she is--"

"You can run off and cause enough property damage to make disturbance, and likely lose a vessel. She's not helpless, and you're not in the Marches." I pull out the list, and hand it to Zif. "This is either immensely valuable or a set of traps. I couldn't say which, but a Seraph might have better luck."

Zif reads down the list. "You received this from the demon?"

"She claims they're redemption candidates. I would trust her about as far as I could throw her, but I don't know what sort of game she might be playing. One name and location, I could see a trap in that, but all of this?" I take Amets's coffee, as he's trying to peer over Zif's shoulder at the list, and I could use the caffeine kick. Too much sugar. So much for the "Malakim take it black and bitter" idea. "I couldn't say how she's changed since I last met her."

"What was this demon like when you knew her?" Zif asks, settling down with her PDA to make her own notes. "How long ago was that?"

"About two hundred years. She worked for me in Russia." I pass the coffee back when Amets glares at me. "A newly-Fallen Impudite, formerly of Lightning. Noticeably competent compared to the idiots I was working with at the time, despite not knowing enough about the project to do more than follow instructions. Uncomfortable around humans, though it seems she's gotten over that."

Zif looks up. "Fallen? From Lightning? Do you know what her name was, as a Mercurian?"

"She goes by Aglaya now. I don't know if that was her name before."

"I can't place it. I'll send a query." Zif taps the stylus of her PDA on the arm of the couch. "As if this weren't complicated enough already. It's been nearly an hour; we'll go examine this wild Tether, have it stabilized, and then reassess the situation."

"And by reassess the situation, you do mean hunt down and destroy this demon, right?" Amets stands up, and frowns at the crumbs lingering on his pants. "We should move quickly. It might be running--"

"Relax, Virtue." I finish off his coffee; sugared caffeine is better than none. "I have enough hooks in her to follow her to the ends of the Earth. How many Forces do you have for this realm?"

"Two, but the two of you--"

"Will be looking for viable long-term solutions that further the cause of Heaven," Zif says. "We can discuss it in the car."

The three of us look something like a mortal family as we leave together, complete with the sullen teenage boy straggling behind us. His eyes narrow a few times as he glances about at people, but Amets has enough sense to leave any dishonorable humans alone.

As Zif starts the car, Amets leans over my shoulder. "What do you think about this demon, Gifter? An old friend of yours?"

I shrug. "She's a demon."

"That's not an answer."

"Yes, it is. I'm merely being succinct. She's a demon. I don't like demons. They're untrustworthy and prone to casual cruelty. The stupid ones are unreliable, the smart ones have hidden agendas, and none of them fit human standards for psychological wellness. I'd prefer to avoid demons entirely, and I'd rather have someone else around if I'm forced to deal with them for long." I pick up the magazine from the floor of the car. "Besides. The next time I speak with Judgment, the Judges will be more suspicious of my motivations and desires because of this meeting."

"Why do you dislike Judgment?"

"I'm not fond of Judgment, but I don't dislike them. I do, however, dislike dealing with them when they become aggressive in their questioning. It reminds me of the Game."

The Malakite flops back in his seat. "Are we there yet?"

I look at Zif. "Is there any recorded study on the effects of child vessels on the traits exhibited by the celestials in them?"

"Actually, yes. The study group determined that immature traits displayed were not so negative or accompanied by long-term effects as to make such vessels more dangerous than any other cultural group with sets of pre-determined behavioral expectations."

"Ah. Well. That's reassuring."

We find Kai playing jump rope with two children on the sidewalk in front of the community center. "Sorry," she says, handing the rope back over to one girl. "I have to run. But if I see you again, I'll teach you the criss-cross pattern. It's not hard once you get it down."

"You'll bring your jump rope so that you can show us how to do it with two of them?" asks the younger of the two girls. The older girl smiles hopefully at Amets, though the Malakite either hasn't noticed or is choosing to ignore her.

"Definitely."

The older of the children sidles up to Amets. She's wearing clothing Andrealphus would approve of, despite her age. "Are you moving in here?"

"Only visiting," Amets says, taking a half step away from her. "I won't be here long."

"Oh, the accent is so cute! Are you from England?"

"I used to live there." The Malakite's posture has edged into discomfort. "I... really ought to be going."

"Yes, you ought, young man," says Zif, putting a hand on his shoulder. "We have an appointment to keep." She steers him away, following Kai's lead.

The girl frowns. "She's awfully bossy."

"He's too old for you anyway," I say, and don't let my Cherub get out of sight.

Zif steps carefully into the center of the machine, and nods. "Lightning. That's settled."

"And what other Domains does it travel to?" Amets asks, following in right behind her. There's enough room for the both of them, though it would be tight to add anyone else.

I have no desire to tromp on the baby Tether. "Why'd she track you down?" I ask Mannie, my arm wrapped into his. Knowing there are demons around makes me want to hold onto him, keep him safe. Not that being near me is the safest place, but I like knowing where he is.

"She wasn't looking for me. It was only a chance meeting. It was this Tether she was trying to find." He's letting himself be held, even though it means following me in one of my pacing rounds. Very considerate of him. "Or so she says. But it seems unlikely they'd know both about the Tether and about me coming here."

"Don't think you could be tracked?"

"Possibly. I still have one hook in me, though the Boss said there weren't any more than that. I tried to stay out of favor-trading. Too complicated and prone to inconvenience. But if I were being tracked... I don't think they'd send a single Impudite."

So long as he's close, I don't have to worry. I lead us around one of Al's piles of equipment, while Zif and Amets wait for the Tether to tell them what other Domains it travels through. "Maybe not, but the Game's all twisty. Hard to say what they would do."

He looks amused. "And you say that I worry too much. Zif would know if anything were about to happen to me, Kai." The way he talks about Zif, it reminds me a little of how I talk about my Boss, and I like hearing that in his voice. He ought to have a thousand and one friends, people he can count on to help him when I'm not around. Which is more often than not, and even if I know all the reasons why he ought to stay in Heaven and I ought to stay on Earth, that doesn't mean I entirely like the situation. "You can concentrate on staying out of, ah, major trouble. I don't think you could stay out of trouble entirely."

"I'm supposed to run into trouble. It's in my job description. My Boss didn't give me the ability to kill demons with an egg timer so that I could sit around waiting for other people to solve problems. For certain values of problems, anyway; I'm pretty sure the deadly egg timer thing wouldn't help with the problems you get assigned."

"You'd be surprised."

I finally let him go; he's more than happy to listen to me and walk along, but I can see the way he's been watching Al's machine. "I'm going to give Al a bit of moral support. You can poke at that thing now. I mean, not literally poking, I told him no one would touch anything."

"You don't have to go, Kai."

"Hey, I know how you get about new gadgetry." And there's an anxious pair of red eyes that's been appearing in one of the doorways from time to time that I'd rather get hustled away before any of the others notice. It's very well for them to say we can deal with the sorcery issue later, but I'm not counting on that sort of calm, collected response if an ethereal waltzes into the room. Not that a dog could waltz very well; the whole "two left feet" thing becomes literal, and I don't think Sirius's vessel is designed to stand on hind legs for long.

The ethereal hound waits for me a few feet down the hall, and we walk together to the second floor where Al's made his bed. "So when you said you'd stay out of sight," I say, as we move further away, "what you meant was that you wouldn't walk directly into the room and greet people."

"Al asked me to make sure no one was messing with his machine," Sirius says, and pads up the stairs. "I did try to stay out of the doorway when anyone was looking. Your friends don't seem to get along well. Or is it only the boy who doesn't like them? I gather they work for different masters."

"That's as good a summary as any." Al's door is closed. I rap out the opening bars of Hotel California. "I try to stay out of politics. Can't see how they do anything but muddle matters and distract people who ought to be paying attention elsewhere."

There's no answer at the door, so I rap out another few bars. "Al? It's Kai. And Sirius. Mind if we come in?"

"Whatever."

Close enough to an invitation.

Al's hunched over some contraption inside, cross-legged on the pile of old mattresses he uses for a bed. He doesn't look up as we enter. Sirius leaps onto the bed and settles down beside him, resting his head on the kid's knee. "They aren't touching anything," Sirius said. "I watched to make sure."

I close the door behind me. Polly's hiding in the shadow of its opening, and retreats to a different shadow beneath a chair once that one disappears. The light in here is brighter than downstairs, product of a salvaged lamp. "What are you working on?"

"A piece." Al clips off a fragment of wire. "It'll slot in once I'm finished. Goes next to those big gears. I had to make those myself, you know. Sheet metal and a lot of work."

"People seem impressed." Mannie's eyes lit up the way they do when he's presented with free rein to rewire something for higher power efficiency, and even Zif smiled.

"Yeah. People." He clips off a long stretch of wire from a spool, and begins twisting it around a piece. "I never asked for anyone to show up here. I was doing fine on my own."

"I'm sorry to drag a lot of people into your space, Al. If I could have avoided it, I would have. But it's kinda necessary." I don't like this room much, too small to move in easily. But if it makes him comfortable I can sit in the chair and let him feel like he's in control of the space.

"Why?" He gives me a quick look without raising his head. "Why not just leave me be, or help me out yourself?"

"Because if something isn't done about that place I mentioned, you might have ended up with a gateway to places you don't want to meet people from." Sirius manages to look offended at that.

"And what if I just quit? Left my work and skipped town?" There's a challenge in his voice, like he wants me to ask him to stay.

"I don't know. Maybe the potential would fall apart. Maybe you'd end up with a gateway to Hell anyway." His head jerks up at that. "And maybe you wouldn't get very far. You're a sorcerer, Al, and that makes a lot of people unhappy."

"Never did anything to them. Whoever they are."

"That's not going to stop them." I pull Polly out from under the chair, scratch her between shadowy feathers. It reminds me of giving a Malakite a back rub. "Messing with that kind of power makes you a target, and it gives you the potential to do a lot of damage. Some people would rather get rid of the possibility than wait around to find out if you would."

"That's why you don't want me calling up spirits."

"Yeah. Enough attention on you already."

"Says the woman who's brought a bunch of her friends into my perfectly safe abandoned building to nose around at my project." He switches to another tool. "So say a gateway to, um, Hell opened. You're a demon hunter, right? Why can't you take care of that?"

"Do I look like the Archangel Michael to you?" Though, come to think of it, there's no reason why Michael couldn't wear a vessel like this. I don't think it's really his style, though. Nothing martial about it. On the other hand, I'm told he knows how to do subtlety, even if his Servitors don't always show it. "One demon, sure, if they're not much more powerful than I am. Two, if I'm careful and lucky. All of the Horde? Not so much. I'd be in Trauma in a heartbeat."

"Smashed to a pulp?" He has all the gory curiosity I should expect from a boy his age. And doesn't know what Trauma is, conveniently for me. Got to remember that I'm still keeping up a vague sort of cover with him, though I'll want to get that out of the way soon.

"Fine red mist." That's the phrase Jack uses when discussing the results of an extremely one-sided confrontation. "You can see why I'd want to avoid that. And demons aren't really the negotiating type unless they have to be. Trust me, you do not want to run into them."

"Even I know that much." Al sets his chunk of machinery aside. "My mother told me -- well, I don't know how much of it was accurate, but a lot about demons. How you don't want to try to call them up, not if you want to do anything but what they're going to decide on. Don't have to worry about that. I'm not going to be stupid."

"Good. Because, I mean, if you start acting stupid, that's going to leave Sirius here as the voice of reason, and I don't think he wants that job."

Sirius opens his eyes from his comfortable doze. "Most certainly not."

"See?"

"What, you're not the voice of reason?" Al's smiling now, as I'd hoped. Coaxing a teenager out of a sulk is a more delicate task than calming a distraught child, but nearly as rewarding. "Here I was thinking you had all the answers."

"All the answers? Not even close to it. I do, however, have the phone numbers for people who have certain subsets of the answers, which comes in handy."

"I'll bet." Al pats Sirius, setting the ethereal's tail thumping. "What's going to happen once they... do whatever it is that they're doing, Kai? Are they going to disappear again, or am I stuck with them?"

"If things go well, you're going to be stuck with someone, yes. I don't know how many or who. Depends on what people higher up the command chain than I am decide on."

"And where are you in the command chain?"

Nine Forces, a Boss who calls every few decades, and doing temp work for another Archangel? "Pretty much at the bottom, as field ops go."

"Oh. So you're the type who goes out and does the work, while other people make the decisions."

"Everyone does the work, Al. It's just that people are better suited to different places. You wouldn't want to send Mannie off to fight demons, at least not in the one-on-one sense, and you wouldn't want to set me to working out how to escape a fiendish death trap." I grin at him. "Now, constructing a death trap, that I might be able to do. Given enough time, tools, and whipped cream."

"What do you do with whipped cream in a death trap?"

"That's the clever bit; it doesn't do anything. But just watch people get distracted trying to figure out why there's so much there!"

"You're weird, Kai." He stands up, runs his hand through his hair in a gesture that avoids the horns through long practice. "I'm going to have to meet people eventually, if they're all moving in here. Right?"

"Not necessarily these, but someone."

"So. Um. How long can I wait?"

"A while. Depends on how much time you want to spend on your machine, seeing how that's where people are going to be wandering." I stand up, and offer him a hand. "You could come downstairs now, if you wanted. No one down there who's going to freak. Mannie and Zif would love to hear about what you have planned next, and Amets said he'd appreciate it if you could tell him about the dreams you used to have."

A moment stretching out like a rubber band. "Maybe later," Al says, and time snaps back into sync. He turns back to the piece he was working on. "I'd like to finish this first, and you have that stuff to arrange that doesn't involve me."

"You're sure?"

"Yeah." He doesn't look up from his work, though from what I can see I think he's just fiddling with parts he already finished.

"Call me if you need anything." I close the door behind me because that's how he wants it, and head back downstairs.

The reliever paced a steady path around the silent Ofanite, hands clasped behind his back. He hadn't been there faithfully or regularly, but when he remembered, he tried to visit. Three days was a long time to wait for anything. According to the Archangel he longed to emulate, three days was the absolute limit for staying anywhere at all, and the reliever didn't want to think about what it would mean if this took longer.

But then there was spinning, and a marvelous hum that spun up into inaudible ranges, and his friend was back, just like he remembered it. "Kai! I was worried."

The Ofanite flickered, and spun around him. "Silly reliever. Why worry?"

"Because you were in Trauma, that's why!" Jack put his hands to his sides in tiny fists. "You could've been stuck. What if you ended up stuck up here while I got down to Earth for the first time? Then I couldn't come see you like I planned."

"I'm unstuck now, so you can stop worrying," said the Ofanite, flames warm around the reliever. "So you're really heading down? Figured out how you want to fledge?"

"Yeah. I'm going to be Mercurian." The two of them leapt out the window together, the reliever darting back and forth inside the Ofanite's ring as they went. "It was either that or Malakite, and I'm not sure I'm up to those oaths. It ends up being so serious. I want to have fun."

"And who are you going to ask for a vessel, anyway?" Kai slowed to let the reliever keep up with it. "Last I was here, you still hadn't made up your mind."

"Janus. That's who I'm going to ask."

"Not Eli?" Jack could detect a note of disappointment, there. He was neither fledging Ofanite nor following Kai's Superior, and he had promised long ago to follow Kai's example on all counts. Kai wouldn't hold enthusiastic reliever-promises against him, but to see him discard both must smart.

"No, not Eli. It's..." Jack settled down to cling to Kai's ring, letting it spin beneath him. "You know, he's been putting a lot of his Servitors into the service of other Archangels."

"Maybe they'll do better there. Not everyone chooses the right person to serve. It can be hard to tell who you'll do best with." The Ofanite spun around ornate carved pillars, whirling Jack in a circle. "What does that have to do with anything?"

"I don't know. Maybe nothing. I asked, and people said it was nothing, it's not like he's moving everyone to other people. But Ray is working for Dreams now, and when Ipsy went to talk to him before fledging, she came back saying she'd changed her mind and signed up with Novalis instead. I wonder, is all."

The Ofanite settled to the ground, winding slowly around the pillar. "Jack, my Boss is the Archangel of Creation. He's been around since forever. If he's doing some reorganization, he must have a reason."

"I guess." Jack slid off, and poked at the soft grass with one foot. "I like the Wind. You know that, I spent as much time running around with them as I did in the Halls of Creation, and I've been spending more time with them since you went downstairs."

"If that's where you think you're best-suited, I'm not going to argue, Jack."

The reliever sighed. "You're disappointed."

Kai was silent for a moment. "Maybe a little bit. I shouldn't be. If that's where you fit, that's where you should go. It would be wrong to try to convince you otherwise."

Jack wrapped his arms around the Ofanite's ring, flames tickling his cheek. "It'll be great. I'll be traveling everywhere once I prove myself enough that Janus lets me down to Earth, so I can come visit you all the time, so long as I don't end up on another continent. And if I do end up on another continent, I'll get a boat or a plane or something and come see you anyway."

The Ofanite laughed. "I look forward to seeing you, however you show up. Now I need to spin; gotta go explain to the Boss how I lost my vessel, and ask for another one. I hope he's not annoyed. This is going to be my third vessel, and it's not like he has a million lying around. Unless he does. I mean, he could, if he wanted to. Creation, and all that."

"How did you lose it, anyway? Fighting demons?" Jack made a few enthusiastic swings of his own. "The Windies are teaching me how to fight stuff. They say it'll be even easier once I fledge, because I'll be tall enough for them to show me the moves properly."

"Fighting demons, yeah."

"Did you win? Did you get them?"

"Well, I got one of them. Not so much the other one. Thus, no more vessel." The Ofanite pulled itself free of the pillar. "Good luck with the fledging!"

Jack waved goodbye, and then returned to the Groves, taking a paintbrush from the Halls of Creation with him as he went. No one would have minded if he'd asked to borrow it, but it was the principle of the thing.

The meeting had been postponed until after Hari recovered from Trauma. Mannie had been unable to decide if he would prefer that the meeting never happen or be gotten over with as soon as possible. His opinion leaned enough towards the former that even through the numbness he could feel a vague sense of disappointment when he was called in.

The two of them stood next to each other and waited. Hari fidgeted occasionally with one of the rings embedded in his arms. Mannie kept his hands clasped behind his back, staring at the floor, and didn't bother to wonder what had gone wrong. He had itemized each mistake, compiled a mental list of all the procedures to institute the next time to avoid similar mistakes. It was a way to avoid noticing the jagged edges he could feel with every step, where pieces of his soul had been ripped away.

Though the demon's footsteps were soft, neither of them failed to notice their master when he entered the room.

"I'm disappointed in you, boys." Vapula's voice was kind, the gentle reproof of a father who has caught his sons misbehaving. "I had such high hopes for each of you, but this latest incident... I would be pressed to call it a success. Even a qualified success. Do you have anything to say in your defense?"

Mannie considered attempting to cast the blame on Hari, but he was too complicit in the failure to hang his future on that gambit. He shook his head. Beside him, heard the Habbalite start to speak, and then follow his lead. Neither of them so blameless in the matter, or equipped with a sufficient cover story, to consider blame-throwing worth the risk. Best to accept responsibility now that it was staring them in the face.

"Such high hopes," said the Demon Prince of Technology, though neither of them would dare call him a demon to his face, or in the presence of anyone who might report this slur. "But God's work is difficult, and not all are strong enough to do his will." He smiled down on them. "Nonetheless, both of you have proven yourself in the past, and I see fit to give you another chance."

Distant elation, inside the comfortable blank fog Mannie wore around his mind, and it was too early, too early to be pleased in any way. His master could find many uses for a demon who'd failed him, most of them unpleasant for the Servitor, and a fair number deadly.

"But I would have you remember this incident," said the Prince, as if either of them could forget. Mannie could almost wish the Forces he'd lost had carried the memory away, to leave him unaware of how terribly, horribly he'd failed. "Hari, you are no longer an Inspector. Maharang, you are no longer an Inspector. Hari, you are no longer a Knight of Combustion. Maharang, you are no longer a Knight of Combustion."

After losing so much so quickly, this further loss... hurt not at all. It was only a formality, making official what he'd known would be coming. Hari shuddered beside him, stilled. So the Habbalite was taking this with less equanimity; he could use that, somehow, if only he could collect his tattered self back into someone who could plan again.

"Now," said Vapula, patting each of them on the shoulder, "let's look at this as a learning experience. I expect both of you will do far better now that you know what sort of mistakes to avoid. I'm sending you to one of my Tethers to work off that dissonance you've acquired, and when you're finished, I'll expect you to present the Seneschal with complete reports on every error you made to cause this incident, and how you plan to avoid them in the future." He frowned slightly, and both of them trembled. "You might also wish to present the Seneschal with a report on how she can improve the defenses of her Tether. Her predecessor was negligent in this area." The frown turned into a gentle smile again. "Try to work together, boys."

They were left to contemplate how one might present a report criticizing the Tether's security arrangements in such a way as to both impress Vapula with their insight and not unduly offend a Seneschal now higher-ranking than either of them.

"This is your fault," Hari said, as they left the room. "If you'd taken the obvious signs of disorder more seriously--"

"If you'd spent more time arranging the security of our facilities, and less time taking credit for the work of others, the revolution wouldn't have mattered." They turned to glare at each other in the same moment. "Not to mention your pet projects--"

"My security was flawless. The only error was in your assessment of the situation." Hari drew a thin red scratch along his own arm. "I should never have listened to you."

"And I should have known better than to trust your security arrangements. At least that error I know how to correct." Mannie gave the little Djinn scampering towards them an icy glare. "That took you long enough."

"Had to track everyone down," said the Djinn, not particularly apologetic. News of promotions and demotions spread quickly, and while either of them could have ripped it apart, the little demon knew it wasn't impudent enough to be worth their time. It held out the sheet of paper in one taloned paw. "All listed. More or less." It scampered away once Mannie had snatched up the paper.

He read down the list, and was not petty enough to hide it from Hari's view. Nearly three quarters of the demons in Trauma or only recently come out of it, all but one Hellsworn listed as dead or presumed dead. Most of those who had escaped vessel-death were Impudites, carrying enough Essence to return to their Hearts once the full scale of the disaster had become apparent. Mannie was surprised to see the Impudite he'd geased into passing over her Essence had kept her vessel; he'd expected to see her on the list of those in Trauma.

A handful had fled back to Tartarus through Heart or Tether, bleeding or a few Forces shorter, but still alive. None of those demons would appreciate how much damage they'd been spared when the attack concentrated on the two in charge of the lab. Mannie scratched out a note about certain names on the back of the paper, to see what favors he could pull from them in exchange for not describing their abandonment of duties in the face of danger.

"Three presumed dead? What, did no one check their Hearts? Presumed dead indeed." Hari pulled the paper away from the Lilim. "You'd think even a pathetic little demon like that would be able to go see if there are shards."

"There's dead, and then there's going Renegade," Mannie said. He made no move to take the paper back; the act of writing cemented memory enough, rendering the notes secondary. A touch on the hooks he'd collected told him that one of those presumed dead was indeed reduced to component Forces, a second still alive. Now there was a potential sacrifice to throw to the Game, should they come sniffing around looking for some traitor to fill a quota. The third name he had no hooks on, and only a vague recollection of its vessel's appearance. More likely dead than not.

"I suppose there are a few Servitors of Technology stupid enough to try that," Hari said. He paused in the doorway, looking out over a stretch of junkyard where remains of failed experiments lay in mixed heaps. On the far side of the yard, an archway threw out wild sparks, and occasionally ran a blue line of electricity from top to bottom of the arch. "If you do anything like that again, Mannie, I will kill you."

"Spare me your posturing. You should be spending your energy being grateful to not have lost more."

"Two Distinctions," said the Habbalite, pulling the Lilim up to face him by the lapels of his coat. In celestial form, Hari was shorter, but this was no comfort compared to the fury behind those eyes. "Two. Distinctions. The only reason I am not ripping your intestines out and strangling you with them is because we were told to cooperate. Do you have any idea how long it took me to get those?"

"Precisely as long as it took me." Mannie pried Hari's fingers off his coat, one by one. "Did you lose so many Forces as to forget that I was there beside you for each? I believe the major difference being that I worked for mine, while you spent a great deal of effort finding others whose credit you could steal." He offered a calculated smile as the Habbalite's eyes narrowed. "If you want try something, I'll give you fair warning that you'll owe me for it." They had an agreement, and... the agreement still held. Apparently.

"Bastard." The accusation was so weary as to be mild. They knew each other too well to get through those known defenses. The arguments had become more habit and stress relief than serious attempts to wound.

"You'd have to ask Mother on that count." Mannie stepped up to the Tether's archway, stifled the queasy feeling its inefficient design was giving him. Now that the meeting was over, all his cultivated numbness was wearing off, leaving him nearly as terrified as he ought to be. "Let me brighten your day. If you want to pursue that Word? You can have it. I'm not interested."

Hari stopped short, caught in the motion of pushing ahead to storm through the archway. "You expect me to believe that."

"Believe whatever you want. I'm tired of the competition. There's a reason the Word of Electricity has become available three times in the last twenty years, Hari."

"They were weak." The Habbalite's lip, pierced through half a dozen times, curled in contempt. "I should have expected that you would be too."

Mannie shrugged. "Call it what you like, but I have better uses for my time than to paint a target on my back. You still want to be the Demon of Electricity? Go ahead. I'm not trying for it anymore."

"I'm not so easily fooled as that," Hari snapped, and walked through the archway.

The Lilim pulled out a notebook, and scribbled out a plan of action. Let someone else call down the wrath of the Host; he had other projects to attend to. It was time to reassess his risk to gain ratios, and adjust away from risk. No Distinction was worth that attention.

Zif shows me the data she's collected. "If the pattern continues, five more minutes. Your opinion?"

I'd be more comfortable doing the calculations on paper, but I admit her PDA can run the numbers faster. "It seems plausible. I'm afraid Tethers were never my area of study. Or even a secondary specialization. Amets, do you consider this acceptable?"

The Malakite has pulled a chair into the room, and shrugs from where he's sitting. "You know full well that my preference would be to Sing it stable the moment it locks onto Dreams, and call my Lady here to bless the place. But if I must compromise, yes, this is acceptable." He stands up, and stretches, absurdly poised in his scuffed jeans and T-shirt advertising some musical group. "If you will notify me at the appropriate moment, I will perform the Song as best I can, though I warn the use of Essence may disturb this place if I fail.."

Kai lopes back in from wherever she went, half a frown on her face. "How's it going?" she asks me, and it sounds more a matter of polite conversation than curiosity. I hadn't expected to find myself worrying over her for reasons other than corporeal safety. I don't like to see her this subdued.

"Amets is about to stabilize the Tether, when it's locked between both Lightning and Dreams. And then, we call for our Superiors, and see who shows up first." Because I think she could use the reassurance, I add, "You've been doing well. It only touched infernal once while we were observing it, and briefly."

She paces around me, my own distressed satellite. "Good to hear. When you have the time, I'd like to ask you about--"

"Now," says Zif, looking up from her watch, and Amets begins the Song.

I haven't heard this one. The Symphony swirls around me, chimes in with harmonious chords to play along as Amets sings. The Tether spreads around me, the edges of the locus washing over me as it stretches to fill -- this room? This building? I can't tell how far the Tether grows as it stabilizes, nor do I know if this is a typical reaction to the Song. I can taste the nature of it, inspiration and hope, lightning and dreams.

Zif allows herself a faint smile, the same one Jean uses on rare occasions. "He's found the upper locus." Amets looks unperturbed, and continues the Song.

Two quick bursts of disturbance, one after another, and my Boss stands beside Zif, just past the outer edge of the machinery. He looks the same as when I last saw him, a man with graying hair, carrying a briefcase. Stepping in from the doorway comes a woman in a long grey dress, her eyes an astonishing green. Blandine, by the way she looks to Amets, and then, with a frown, at Jean.

I cannot be comfortable in the presence of two Archangels. That one is Jean helps immensely, and so I am composed, but... not comfortable, no.

Zif bows her head; there's no sense in wasting more time than that on formalities. He appreciates efficiency. "It rests in both Domains."

"So we see." The voice of the Archangel of Dreams is as beautiful as all the lullabies I've never heard, enough to make Mozart weep. "This place is the dream of one person," she says, facing Jean. Hostility to her words, and even that is beautiful.

"Inspiration," says my Boss. "It rests in a strategic location." There's nothing but neutral, logical truth in what he says.

"You would take a dream and make a staging-ground out of it."

"As the interests of Heaven require, yes." Jean tilts his head slightly. "I suggest a compromise. The opportunity presents itself to attempt a forked Tether, allowing both of us the use."

"How very... Marc of you."

"As it may be."

The Archangel of Dreams hesitates only for a moment. "Better than that it be lost to the whir of empty machinery," she says.

There's a moment of silence, aside from Amets's Song, as the two Archangels perform whatever needs to be done in Heaven to place the Tether. Then Blandine turns, and touches her Malakite on the shoulder. "Remain here until I send word," she says. "You will guard this Tether until a Seneschal has been appointed, and take this gift that you may guard it well." Amets lifts his head from a bow, and begins considering the room. Blandine moves elsewhere; I haven't the eyes for her when there's another to hold my attention.

"You did well to call me here," says Jean to Zif, and touches her on the shoulder. "And again to prepare a suitable compromise. As I had been planning for some time now, I make you Vassal of Lightning. Remain here with your attuned until appropriate defenses have been installed."

When he turns to me, he seems to tower a hundred meters over me, no matter that my vessel is a few centimeters taller than his. "Emmanuel," he says, "you have shown your skill and dedication, and brought me another resource in our War. I grant you my Generator attunement. Remain here with Zif and secure this area against any attacks."

"Thank you." Ever inadequate to the debt. I have nothing more to give than myself to the one who tore me out of what I once was and set me here.

The Archangel of Lightning, savior of foolish Lilim who once dared to oppose him, turns away from me, and looks to Kai. "Eli set you to guard this place?"

"Yes," says Kai, shifting back and forth from one foot to another, though she's chosen to stand mostly still with this presence turned upon her. "Told me to watch out for it until it could be stabilized."

"Though it wasn't one of his."

Kai nods. "He said so at the beginning. That it wouldn't be his. That's why I called Mannie in, so I could get some help having it pointed at the right place."

"Interesting," says Jean. He puts out one hand, palm up. "You might join the service of Lightning if you wished to do so. Until Eli returns to ask for you back."

"Thank you," says Kai, and she sounds very... small. Like a reliever told it can't help with anything. "But I need to follow him. Until he tells me otherwise."

"As you'd like. The offer will remain. In the meantime, a small payment for your work." Then he's gone again, and Blandine has disappeared while I wasn't looking in her direction.

"I need to assess the area for defensibility," says Amets. He looks inordinately pleased with himself, arms folded across his chest. "If I must continue working with Lightning, at least you two will contribute appropriate security systems, won't you?"

"To be sure," says Zif, who appears neither smug nor awed, only as she always is. She pulls out her phone. "To begin with, we ought to buy this property, to avoid any legal problems. There's still a possibility that Vapulans are aware of the location."

"To begin with," says Kai, "everyone can move out of the room so that Al can get back in here and get back to work." She puts up a hand at Amets's expression. "Yeah, you want to play with the brand new Tether, understood, you can go play with the outside defenses. We have two doors on ground level, one on the roof, and another in the basement, there are windows all over the place, and who knows what other places for people to get in. Go poke at those for a while. You want this Tether to grow, that means letting Al get back to work, and he's not going to do that with a bunch of people he doesn't know crowding his project." She shoos both Zif and Amets out of the room, the Cherub leaving with more grace than the Malakite.

And then turns to me, grinning. "Congratulations. Knew you could do it."

"With your help." I catch her in a hug when she paces by me. "Stop orbiting for a moment, will you?"

"That's no moon, that's a battle station!" She holds on tightly. "Figures that Sparkies would get all the tractor beams."

"Are you going to stay here for a while? All I heard of your assignment was that you were to keep the Tether ready until it could be stabilized."

"Of course I'm staying here. You're here, aren't you? Like I'd miss the chance to see you corporeal-side. I mean, until the Boss gives me another job."

"Any idea what your next project might be?"

"Projects. How very Sparky." She spins free, but consents to pace around me instead of further away. "You do fit there, heart and soul. I'm glad. It's the most wonderful thing in the world, to have a Boss who understands where you're coming from. And I have to say, you being able to toss lightning bolts around at people seems right up your alley, if maybe a little bit Emperor in Return of the Jedi."

"And what did you get, Kai?" It might be rude to ask, but she'd never hold it against me, and the curiosity builds.

"It's cool. But I'll show you later, outside." I don't know the names for any of the moves she makes, but she's dancing, and that reassures me.

"A pity Blandine wasn't as grateful for your help."

She stops, and taps me on the nose. "Don't be snide. Just because she doesn't get along with your Boss doesn't mean she has anything against mine. I wasn't doing this for what I could get out of it. Besides," Kai adds, sweeping across the room in a series of leaps I couldn't possibly duplicate, "she did say something to me."

"And did she say?"

Kai's back beside me, and smiles. "It's private. But it gave me hope, and that's what she does. Now go help them design a burglar alarm or something, Al's getting twitchy upstairs and he deserves a chance to work on the Tether he made, right?"

"Right," I say, and allow myself to be pushed outside the room.

I find Zif examining the door on the north side of the building. "All the way to here," she says, as I approach. "The locus extends to the limits of the building. I hadn't expected it to go so far, not when it began as a space inside the machine. A strange Tether, though all Tethers are strange in their own ways. We'll discover more about the quirks of this one as we study it."

"Did you discover who holds the deed to the land?"

"Not yet. I have a Soldier investigating." Zif runs one finger along the hinges of the door. "Solid construction, but the entire building will need renovation. We'll add a suitable function to justify the comings and goings of people. Some sort of independent research facility, perhaps, though Dreams will argue against that. It will depend on how the area is zoned."

"A science museum? Inspiration, science, and no doubt some children will form great dreams about what they can do."

Zif looks up at me. "More likely to please Dreams than some ideas. It would require a significant investment of financial resources, and screened personnel, but the potential to increase the Tether's power may be worth that investment. We'll have to evaluate the tactical disadvantages of having so much public travel." She adopts a less analytical tone. "And I imagine Kai would be pleased to hear of such plans."

"There, ah, is that too." I make a helpless gesture. "I'm not entirely objective, sometimes."

"You're not an Elohite, Mannie. You're not expected to be."

"But I let it affect my decisions. I choose my actions differently because I'd like to please him, or see him again." I frown. "And I have trouble with my pronouns around him -- her, but that's neither here nor there."

Zif allows herself to look amused, likely because it does make me feel better. "Much of friendship consists of choosing one's actions differently to please people other than oneself. Unless it leads you into conflict with your duties, there's no need to be concerned over it. As for the pronouns... A not uncommon affliction for those who have spent large portions of their lives on the corporeal plane."

I remain not entirely convinced, and Zif can see that.

"Mannie," she says, "all angels who walk on Earth need ties to Heaven. The Word they serve is the best place to start, but we hold to many things. Those who fledged from relievers remember the places they played when young, those made whole remember first opening their eyes to see the beauty of their Archangel's Word. We have familiar places, friends, all those memories to bind us to our place of birth." She tucks her PDA away into the pocket of her jacket. "Those who were made in Hell cannot draw on such memories as these, so they form other bonds, new memories and friendships. It is entirely acceptable for you to cling to this sort of relationship."

"And what if it does come into conflict with what I ought to be doing?"

"Then I trust you will be intelligent enough to assess the situation, and choose a course of action that will provide the best results." Her lips thin slightly. "Do you think it coincidence, Mannie, that the Boss would ask Kai to work for him? There are uses in Lightning for any dedicated servant of Heaven, no matter how little research might suit one, but she isn't the sort that would typically be courted."

I wrap my mind around several concepts presented to me. It doesn't take long. "He is such an Elohite."

"Naturally."

"I'd be happier if Kai were working for Lightning myself, but... it doesn't seem likely, does it?"

"Perhaps. Perhaps not. Jean has enough experience to know when subtlety is required." She raises one eyebrow. "I seem to recall that you seduced your Ofanite with a shiny sports car and a promise to look for his Archangel."

"Ah. Well. Yes." I put my hands in my pocket. "I'll go help Amets check for weak points in the building."

"A good idea." She goes back to examining the door. "I think we ought to call Nosha down to take a look. It has more experience with Tethers than any of us."

"I didn't realize it studied that."

"Not so much studied, but it was a Seneschal,. The experience may be valuable. While I have spent time working in a Tether, little compares to that sort of direct personal connection."

"I hadn't realized Nosha had once been attuned to a Tether of Knowledge."

"Not Knowledge. Death."

"...ah." And I can't blame the Elohite for not mentioning that when it told me of its own Fall and redemption.

The information lingers, as I walk up to the sixth floor, staircase after staircase. All the usual thoughts running through the back of my mind, about rewiring the lighting, returning the elevator to working condition, security systems I've made or dismantled or circumvented. In the forefront, realizing that I shouldn't be so... surprised. Not all demons who turn to Heaven are weak or low-ranking, and not all of them are so desperate as I was. I can conceive of few situations that would send a Seneschal into such terror as to run back to Heaven and leave its Tether behind. This raises the significant possibility that Nosha simply... chose. To come back to the place it had abandoned. I can't claim such purity of purpose in my decision.

Amets stalks about the rooftop in the gray pre-dawn light, pausing at the northern and western walls to examine the streets on either side. "The tactical situation is far from ideal," he says, "especially in this part of the city. If we tried to investigate all suspicious-looking passersby, we'd never reach an end. So we'll have to concentrate on securing the building itself. I expect full support on the hardware side of this process from you Sparkies; you have all those zap-bang little toys for a reason."

"Zif is checking the downstairs exits," I say. What a dry, desolate place it is up here, somehow more abandoned than the dusty floors below. It must be the dead gardens and unwatered pots of plants that make the roof seem so bleak. "I have a few ideas for stop-gap security measures we can install today."

"Good." The Malakite folds his arms, glares up at me. "So now that the Tether is tamed, would you tell me where your little demon friend has gone wandering?"

I find one of my hooks on the Impudite, and drop two Essence into the Song to track her down on the other end. "Not on the corporeal plane. Unless you were in the mood to go jaunting into Hell, this wouldn't be the best time to chase her."

"Damn." He looks far more a teenage boy than an experienced Malakite when he sulks. "I was hoping to take care of that problem."

"She has more corporeal Forces than you do, and a weapon that renders such concerns irrelevant. Maybe you should stick to security arrangements."

"My Lady granted me another corporeal Force so that I could better defend this place," Amets objects, but he doesn't choose to press the matter. Even with a spare vessel handy for jumping back into the fight, he's unlikely to win much favor from his Superior by getting his head shot off looking for a demon who hasn't approached this place. "In any case, I don't suppose you could... I don't know. Check on the hooks you have regularly, to see if anyone you knew is approaching the area."

I take a slow breath. "Amets, how many hooks do you think I have?"

"You could limit the checking to demons of Technology and Nightmares."

"And I repeat my question."

"I don't know," he says, hands on his hips. "I'm not a Lilim. You can't have that many."

"I have been collecting favors since I was first made. I've endeavored not to use them unless absolutely necessary. More than a hundred demons, Amets. Twice as many hooks total, and most of those are on demons of Technology. I could spend every note of Essence I had on the Song for a month and be able to tell you that most of them are in Hell, or halfway around the world. It's not a Cherub's attunement; it's only hooks and a Song."

"I suppose that's less useful."

"Without a name, yes." I snap a dry twig off the dead tree sitting in a pot, rub off the bark until I'm left with a pale brown stick. "But when I know who I want to find, it becomes convenient."

"People who owe you."

"Yes." I break the stick into smaller pieces. "Most of the people who I owe aren't in any position to call in favors."

"Why not?"

"Dead, mostly. One way or another." I can remember a dozen different methods I used to clear debts, though I usually didn't kill anyone myself. That was work for underlings, or arranging "accidents." Technology work was always full of accidents. I've killed few people personally, fewer if one removes vessel death from the count. But with all the work for Hell, those projects with vast scope... How many deaths have I been responsible for? I can't even remember. "It makes restitution complex."

"I can imagine." The way he frowns at me for a moment says he is imagining, though what he comes up with cannot possibly match the truth. "If we keep you supplied with pictures of those people who we're suspicious of, will that help any?"

"If I recognize a vessel and have a hook, I can find out if they're nearby."

"That's some help." The Malakite allows himself to relax for a moment as dawn finally breaks out of the grey light, a new taste of Essence for a new day. "I realize Zif is the one with the Distinction, but I'd appreciate it if you would keep me updated on the security changes you implement. I'd like to have a useful report to give to my Lady when she sends an angel down to be a Seneschal."

"Certainly." Cooperation is a marvelous strategy, when one isn't concerned that the other party is waiting for the first opportunity to engage in betrayal.

I move downstairs more slowly, checking the windows and what remains of the lighting for future consideration. Kai can stop by hardware stores and get me enough parts to cobble together a temporary system with key pieces sent down from the Halls of Progress, and then we can start the work on proper security. No doubt the Seneschal -- Seneschals -- will have plans and expectations of their own, once they're attuned.

On the stairs between the second and first floors, I find myself staring down at a familiar dog-like shape. It freezes, a pair of pliers caught in its jaws.

Now here's something Kai forgot to tell us about.

The ethereal drops the pliers, and wags its tail. Makes a natural doggish sound at me.

"Nice try. But real dogs don't have eyes like that."

The hound huffs out a sigh. "Well. It was worth a try."

"One of Al's pets, I presume. Aren't you supposed to have a pack of your kind with you, and a hunter?"

"I misplaced them." The ethereal trots past me to the top of the stairs, and offers me a paw. "Pardon my intrusion. I thought you were still upstairs with the other one, and Al asked me to fetch pliers. I do hope there won't be any trouble."

I shake the paw offered to me. Dreams can abide a few ethereals running around on the corporeal plane if they're harmless and friendly, but my Boss isn't in the habit of ignoring the Sword's opinion on vesseled ethereals. Not unless they're immediately useful. A hound of the Wild Hunt hardly counts as harmless, no matter how friendly. "Trouble is bound to arrive, though from what direction is hard to say. Have you worked for your master long?"

"Al? For a few months. I haven't been outside this building." It scratches behind one ear. "I'm sure Kai was going to mention us to you when she thought it was a good time."

"No doubt." And leaving matters of timing to an Ofanite may work well in combat, but not for larger issues. Ofanim forget any matter they don't address directly, caught up in a shinier idea. "And when you say 'us'... How many ethereals are roaming this building?"

"Only two. We're well-behaved," the hound assures me, in an earnest voice I don't trust. "We can stay out of the way." It turns and leaves for wherever it is that young sorcerers keep their pliers. Next to their soul jars and ritual paraphernalia, perhaps.

Two ethereals is a manageable number, though two more than I'd like to deal with. When Kai claimed that the situation was complicated, he didn't go into the full details, and I ought to... ask him about that. Amets and Zif both assumed a sorcerer would mean ethereals, and perhaps Kai thought I would do the same. I don't like feeling as if I'm missing information. I can't work well with incomplete data. And Kai... isn't used to working with anyone at all. There's something for me to remember the next time I'm using her information.

At the door to the machine's room, I pause, and recall what Kai said about Al needing space. Instead of opening the door, I knock, and then step back.

"Hey," says Kai, poking her head out the door. "What's up?"

"We're going to need some supplies to work out temporary security measures. Do you have time to run out and pick some up for us?"

"Sure. I always have time." She slides out and shuts the door behind her. "Have a list?"

"I will, in just a moment." I pull out my notebook. "Do you need money? These are going to come to several hundred dollars worth of equipment."

"Jack dumped a load of cash on me before heading on," she says, "so I should be fine. Oh, and a talisman of some sort, none of us could figure out what Song it was holding, maybe you could take a look at it? It's in a shoebox in my backpack, in the room I'm using upstairs." She opens the door for the ethereal hound to enter the room. "Hi, Sirius. Find what you needed?"

"A-yuh," says the dog, around the pliers in its mouth. She closes the door again behind it.

"Kai?"

"Yes?"

"Were you planning on mentioning the ethereals, at some point?"

"Oh. Did I forget that part?" She takes the list I offer. "Just Sirius and Polly. Polly's not much to worry about, only three or four Forces, I think. A good watchbird, though; she may be useful for the Tether defenses. Can't talk, but can convey 'Intruder!' well in pantomime."

"And Sirius?"

"Loyal as can be. Not worth worrying about unless his old master shows up, and how likely is that?" She drops a kiss on my cheek, though she needs to stand on tiptoes to do it. "They'll be fine. I'll get this stuff for you, and be right back."

"It's barely past dawn, Kai." I follow her downstairs to the door through the basement, passing Zif on the way. My Cherub is occupied with measuring out the basement, and checking the walls. "None of the hardware stores will be open."

"Good point. I'll grab breakfast for Al, and then hit these places." She takes my hand when I pause at the door that connects to the adjoining building. "Come on, I want to show you something."

"What you got from Jean." I have my own suspicions, from what Zif said.

"Exactly." She drags me up through the basement and lobby of the apartment building, then out to an alley. At this time of day there's no one visible but pigeons searching for crumbs. "This? This is neat."

Disturbance buzzes by me, and there's a motorcycle there where there wasn't one before. Nothing remarkable to it, except that it appears... well-made. Someone has put all the pieces of it together in precisely the way a motorcycle ought to be made.

And given time, tools, and inspiration, I could make it better.

"How hard it is to hide the sparks of nature!" Kai laughs, and gets on the bike. "From Cymbeline, Mannie. We never did get to see that play, did we? I'll have to find another performance to take you to. One without a pack of Gamesters interrupting. Want anything for breakfast? Everyone is doing breakfast tacos now, and they're customizable, which is way more fun than something boring that you can't do much with like pancakes."

"Nothing for me, thanks." I wave to her as she zooms off, and head back inside. Sports cars and motorcycles... Some angels really are that easy to win over. Though even this gift hasn't been enough to draw Kai over to Lightning. Not yet. I'll have to do something about that. Speed and art, and if Kai doesn't understand the mechanics, she can still appreciate what such things do.

Besides, anyone who hangs out with Windys as often as she does will appreciate better gas mileage. Less stopping.

And possibly a long-range attack system.

Zif is still measuring things in the basement. "Motorcycle, or car?"

"Motorcycle."

"Thought so. Didn't sound loud enough to be an entire car." She puts away the tape measure. "Did you remember to ask her to pick up copper wire?"

"It's on the list. What are you planning down here?"

"Temporary measures. We'll need to make sure everyone knows not to use the doors without proper security codes, once I'm finished. Defenses meant to give demons pause are likely to be uncomfortable for angels. More so for a human or ethereal."

"You've met them?"

Zif turns to regard me. "No, though I assumed some must be here. How many?"

"Two. Based on what Kai knows, which may be incomplete. The one I've seen is a hound of the Wild Hunt, or some shadow thereof, and quite well-spoken. I don't trust it. The other Kai knows of seems to be a weak and uncommunicative ethereal, set to watch for intruders."

Zif nods slowly. "So noted. If we must have ethereals running about, at least this Tether has forked to match Dreams, and not some other Word. The situation would become rapidly difficult with many others." She pulls a stretch of wire off the wall, and regards it critically. "And may yet become difficult when a triad arrives to speak with Kai. They'll want to investigate all her recent doings."

"So we send her to meet them outside the Tether, and... say nothing about not speaking of the ethereals. She's more likely to forget to mention them than be effective at subterfuge."

"I would prefer a more solid plan, but none better spring to mind."

"Agreed."

Back on the first floor, I pace out the distance from entrance to entrance. An attack coming from both would be difficult to defend against. We may be able to get away with removing one entrance entirely, once we've had time to begin proper renovations. The basement door needs to go, and the one on the roof... That might be acceptable, but only with far more defenses.

As I pass the room where this strange Tether began, the door opens a crack. "Hey."

The elusive Al. Through that fraction of door I can make out the green glow. "Good morning." I've never met a Gorgon, though I've run into sorcerers now and again.

"Kai's off buying supplies?" The suspicion running through his voice is as familiar as any old enemy. He'd fit in at any number of Vapulan labs.

"And breakfast." The door hasn't closed yet. "Mind if I come in?"

He hesitates, nods. "But don't touch anything."

"I think I can manage that." I step inside; he's moved back towards the machine, watching me over his shoulder. I shut the door behind me. "How's it going?"

"This is a good piece. It's complicated, but not so hard to put together as some. Mostly parts I can make quickly." Al touches his horns self-consciously, pulls his hand back down. The ethereal hound, Sirius, lies in a shadowy corner of the room, watching. High time that I put proper lighting in here. "Took me three tries to get the wiring right, but it's the way it should be now."

Disjointed, as progress reports go, but a step up from refusing to see any of us. I pull over the chair Amets brought in, to sit down near the kid. Close enough to be in easy conversational distance, far enough away to not be hovering over his shoulder, at an angle where he can see me easily but isn't staring straight at me. I'd like to see what he Needs, if he'd bother to look me in the eyes. "You've done some impressive work so far." For an unskilled human working from memory with substandard tools, anyway. Not reaching out to correct the little imperfections begging for adjustment is harder than I'd realized it would be.

"Could be better." He's wiring a section into place, and it would be a smoother fit welded, but Kai would be annoyed if I told this human to stop messing with the parts and let me do it properly. "Especially when I started. Took me a while to figure out how to make the parts." He glances over his shoulder at me. "So you're Mannie, right?"

"Correct." I take the opportunity to take a look at his Needs, and discover an image not entirely surprising. Something to discuss with Kai privately, when she returns.

"So you're her boyfriend." Now a touch of challenge there. I could laugh at it. But one must respect the petty adolescent infatuations of the Tether-builder, and I'm not an Elohite to tell how he'd respond to laughter.

"That's one way to describe the relationship, I suppose."

"You know," Al says, his back to me again, "I'm fucking tired of that kind of answer. All this 'more or less' and 'about like that' and 'one term for it' shit. Why doesn't anyone give me a straight answer?"

"Because you're asking questions with complicated answers," I say. "It's faster to give approximate answers than to try to explain things."

"Fine. So explain this one to me. I have the time." He picks up a wrench to adjust a series of bolts. "How exactly is that 'one way to describe the relationship'?"

I am not going to explain the last year of my life to this child. So I work out a reasonably true explanation, careful to watch my pronouns. "Kai and a few of her friends pulled me out of a dangerous situation, last year. And got into trouble herself in return, so that I needed to run back in and get her out of there. She... came out the worse for wear. Didn't hold it against me. She's not the sort to do so."

"And, what, the two of you started dating?"

If that's what one would call an Ofanite ambushing me in my office in Heaven, insisting I come outside and play once in a while... "We spent more time together. She ended up doing some work for my boss, got into further trouble. I, ah, seem to put her into danger more often than get her out of it, of late. Typically we work in different places, so this is the first time we've met in months." I firmly do not pay any attention to the petulant voice in the back of my mind demanding to know why Kai couldn't take the time to stop by a Tether and visit once in a while.

"Long-distance relationship, huh?" I don't like the hopeful tone behind that comment.

"I suppose. But you shouldn't make it out to be more than it is. Kai likes lots of people; I happen to be one of them, and nearby. Calling me her boyfriend is simpler than trying to explain all that." My Ofanite loves a hundred people and likes a thousand, as ready to run off with the Windies again as to wrap arms around me and promise to stay around. Drawing her into Lightning would pull her into orbit around something I can grasp.

"Guess so." He moves to another part of the machine, switches tools. Sirius rolls over to stay out of the way. The hound's eyes remain always on the boy, no matter where either goes. I've known Djinn and Cherubim both who obsess less on their attuned. "So you're a mechanic, or scientist, something like that?"

"Something like that. More theoretical research than practical application." Once I have time to settle down with Kai's new bike, I intend to change that.

"Huh." He turns to face me again, and I ping out another Need. Nothing more important than breakfast. "She says -- does she really hunt demons? That's really her job?"

"Kai is apparently unable to go a month at a time without running into demons, hunting them or not. Fortunately, she's quite good at not getting killed in the process."

"Good," Al says. He passes the wrench back and forth from one hand to another. "That's the sort of thing I want on my side."

And then Kai's at the door with smiles and breakfast, a promise to pick up everything on the list I gave her, whirlwind of competent cheer. She tells me not to worry, and she's right. Kai knows how to take care of herself, and how to call for help when she can't. That's the sort of thing I want on my side.

"They didn't have any sour cream?"

"Nope. I asked."

Al frowns at the remains of his breakfast burrito. "It's better with more sour cream. But it was okay."

I roll my eyes. "You're welcome." Mannie's left to do whatever sorts of security things one does for a new Tether, and while I'm glad Al let him in to talk, the kid seems to be in one of his grouchier moods.

"Sorry," says Al, and doesn't sound it. "There's just... a lot of stuff going on right now. Figuring things out." He puts the crumpled wrapper neatly into the bag I brought. "You don't all work for the same person, do you. I mean, like... different departments, or something. Sirius told me about how two of them were arguing, before. About how to do things."

I'd as soon sit down and have one of those "how the world works" talks here and now, the way I did with Sharon back after she shot a demon for me, but Zif told me point-blank not to go into detail. Something about jeopardizing Tether growth through celestial interference with the cause. I wonder how much of it is that Lightning likes making people work out things on their own, following the bread crumb trail of hints. "Pretty much. Amets works for one, Zif and Mannie for another, me for a third."

"So what's your department?"

"Creation." I spin, my arms wide. "Biggest Word out there, and the best. Of course, I'm incurably biased."

"Creation? So it covers making things?"

"And things that were made, and things that will be made. From puppies to painting, and a lot more. It's a beautiful world, isn't it?"

"Well... No. It's not. There's a lot of stuff out there that sucks. Can't say as it's all beautiful." He stifles a yawn; kid was up all night, listening to disturbance and fidgeting with his machine, and he could use some sleep now that it's creeping up on seven-thirty. "What about that part?"

"Simple. It's like changing the ending to King Lear."

"You lost me there, Kai."

"Okay. Did you ever study King Lear, back in school?"

"No."

"Okay, so this makes the metaphor a little harder to follow, but try to stick with me here." I set out a pattern that'll take me past him three times a round. "The play ends with just about everyone dying off. Classic tragedy. And the people who don't keel over right on stage, it's implied they will soon. Classic tale of where abdicating responsibility and ignoring true fidelity leads you."

"You're... comparing all of the world to a tragedy?"

"Hey, it's a masterpiece of literature. Anyway, in certain time periods, people decided the play was too depressing. So they went and changed the ending. Ripped out how it actually went, and let certain people who were supposed to be dead only appear dead, spring back to life, everyone goes off happily into the sunset with the villains dead."

"Isn't this good?"

"No! Screws up the whole point of the play." I seem to have picked up a few emphatic hand gestures from Mannie. Only fair, since I gave him my caffeine addiction. "It negates a whole series of points about actions having consequences, and lets everyone who screwed up off the hook with nothing more than a 'Oh, wow, guess the bad guys took care of themselves!' Trades in a false bit of cheer for the meat of the story. What does it matter that the king threw out the only daughter loyal to him if they're cheerfully reunited at the end? All the rage and pain and effort, tied up nicely with a schmaltzy greeting-card ending. Instead of a lot of conflicted people making mistakes, there's the good guys, the bad guys, and the good guys win, ta-da, the end."

"And the world is bad because it has a happy ending?"

"No, no. The world is still a marvelous place. But it's all tied up in knots by people who keep trying to change the ending to what they think will make it a better story."

"And what about all the bad stuff that just happens, not because of anyone? Earthquakes, for example."

"People figured out where major fault lines are. They're supposed to use that knowledge to do something about it, not keep building there." I sweep him a bow. "Besides, geology is so not my strong point. I'm not trying to explain away all the evils of the world. I'm saying the problem lies not in the play as written, but the interpretation of the actors and directors."

"Huh. Maybe." I'm reminded of why I always liked the beginner classes better. Children are easier to work with than teenagers. Thank God and all the Archangels above that relievers don't go through this stage before fledging. "What're you doing next?"

"Off to pick up supplies. Security systems for the building, that sort of thing. Zif and Mannie will be rigging something up. Mostly at the entrances to start with. We don't want anyone running in here without warning, and while Polly's diligent, she can't cover the whole building. Anything you want me to get for you while I'm out?"

"I'm all set." Al yawns again. "Maybe I'll take a nap. Was up all night, especially when you got so noisy downstairs. What were you doing down there?"

"Checking in with a few people's Bosses, and getting this place set up to work properly."

"Could you vague that up some more? Because I'm still actually getting pieces of information, around the edges." He pulls himself to his feet. "Definitely going to bed. C'mon, Sirius."

"If I go into details," I say, "we're going to be here another hour or three." I wish we had an Elohite here, to tell me what's going on behind Al's sullen fits and bursts of annoyance. Never wanted to be able to look into anyone's head myself, but it can be useful when dealing with teenagers. And it occurs to me that either Al's a better actor than I'd give him credit for, or Sirius hasn't been passing on all the information I know he's worked out. How does the hound choose to define his loyalty? "If you're heading upstairs, you might run into Amets. He's a nice guy, if a bit grouchy sometimes." And unlikely to be too stern at anyone who helped form a Dreams Tether.

"Amets? What does he look like?"

"Looks about thirteen, my height, T-shirt and jeans."

"You let kids work for your organization?" I can't tell if that's indignation or envy in his voice. If he can work himself into something more like maturity, Al might make a decent Soldier of God himself.

"He's older than he looks. Mannie and Zif are the ones to talk to about your machine, but Amets is the one to talk to about those dreams you had. He's a specialist."

"Maybe. I'm tired." This yawn is theatric. No, Al cannot act to save his life. "Night. Morning. Whatever."

I pass Zif on the way out. Her celestial form is more expressive than her vessel; she only gives me a glance as I pass by, and returns to whatever she's doing in the basement. "Knock before you enter when you return," she says. "We may have preliminary systems set up by then."

"How are you going to handle power? Can't imagine you can run everything you need on a power cord running from a standard outlet."

"Nosha is bringing a generator when it shows up," Mannie says. He steps down the stairs to the basement carefully, a metal box in his arms. "A few pieces of equipment are being sent down for interim security, but it's not worth making the cheap and simple pieces artifacts to swap between planes. Thus the list." He puts down the box, and dusts off his jacket. "Incidentally, Kai, the boy is infatuated with you."

"Potentially useful," says Zif. "Or dangerous. What sort of Need did you see, Mannie?"

"What you'd expect from an adolescent male."

I run a hand through my hair; about time to whack some of it off again. It's nearly long enough to fall in my eyes in the front. "I've dealt with students having a crush on me before. Happens all the time when you're dealing with kids. He'll get over it."

Zif raises one eyebrow. "And how many times has the infatuation come from a teenage sorcerer, before?"

"Never? But... point taken. I'll be careful. I'm no Elohite, though; can't tell how much is serious emotion and how much is wanting some friends."

"Nosha will be able to help." Mannie opens up the box, and begins pulling out bits of equipment that I couldn't identify. "It ought to be here by the time you get back."

Outside, I snap my bike into existence. Best present I've ever gotten, aside from what my Boss has given me. Must find time to take Mannie for a ride, he hasn't had a chance to watch me take a motorcycle to top speed. And once we get outside city streets, I can find out how fast this bike will go. LightningTech suggests really, really fast as an answer.

I ask the Symphony about hardware shops, keep to the speed limit on the way. I've lost track of what day of the week it is, but either it's a weekend or not many people are commuting to work this early. I hit the parking lot ten minutes before the store's scheduled to open, if the time on my phone and their internal clocks match up at all.

So I have a good parking spot. I pace out the front of the building, seeing what I can of the sections through the dark windows. If I can't pack everything on my bike I might have to make two trips, but you can do amazing things with cardboard and duct tape, both of which they're bound to have inside.

A car pulls up in the parking lot next to my bike, and a woman about my height steps out. Short hair, practical clothing, and faint smudges on her hands from working on something messy. Got to approve of that. "Not open yet?" she asks, walking up near me to stand at the doors.

"Five more minutes, assuming they open on what the schedule says."

Her smile is sweet, warm, the sort of thing that makes me want to hug strangers. "Eager to get started on some big weekend project?"

"Nah, just picking up some stuff for a friend." I pull out the list to refresh my memory. I don't even know some of the words on there, but surely one of the people working inside will be able to help me out. "You?"

"A personal project. Everyone needs a hobby, after spending so much time at work." She stretches, then shoves her hands into deep pockets, the sort you can keep interesting things in. "What's your friend working on?"

"Don't know precisely. I'm running errands so that he can do all the planning and finicky stuff. Not really the scientific sort, myself." I fold the list into an origami crane, unfold it again. "It'll work well, though, whatever he ends up with. He's good at making things."

"Best of luck," she says, and the employees finally unlock the doors to let us inside.

I grab a cart, wait until I'm out of immediate sight of anyone to run it forward, jump on the back and let it spin. Shopping carts aren't exactly cars, but they have their own amusement. Sort of like reliever-level transportation. And then, my own amusement taken care of, I start asking the Symphony questions about how to find things in this vast store full of things I never imagined people would do to their houses.

I run into the woman who I met outside in the aisle with the spools of wire. She smiles at me again, dropping a package of something into the basket she's carrying. "Finding everything you need?"

"I think so. Some of these things I'm going to have to ask about, though. I can't find a, um, ferrule if I don't know what it is."

"Oh, that's just a bushing to use on a pipe joint." She giggles at my blank look, and covers her mouth with one hand. "Sorry, that doesn't help at all, does it? It's a... here, I'll show you where you can find them, that'll be easier than trying to describe them to you. They're halfway across the store."

"No problem. Not like I mind the walk."

Two aisles down my phone rings. "Excuse me." I pull it out and flip it open; the display says it's coming from one of the general Sparky lines. "Hello?"

"Kai! I got more information." That's Maharang's voice on the other line, not who I'd expected at all.

"More information? What about?"

"About the community center." Its voice shades into hurt. "You asked me to look into it, didn't you?"

"Yes, but I only needed -- no, wait, more information is great. What did you find out?" The woman walks along studying the end cap displays in the manner of someone trying not to listen in on a private conversation. I'm told the acoustics on this phone have been designed such that it's virtually impossible for anyone to overhear what's being said on the other side, but it's probably time to watch my own words.

"Larch Street Community Center, the name was neat, and I was looking up more about the trees and found the name of the place again, except not by the name, just talking about Larch Street." I should probably be grateful Maharang is more to-the-point than I was when I had that five Forces. "But I looked up the address instead, and looked in all sorts of places, and it used to be a Tether before, Kai. The Tether died fast when the place got closed down, which makes all the parts they didn't talk about in the newspaper articles make more sense. Must have managed to take out the Seneschal."

"Who did it belong to, before?" I can half guess the answer.

"Creation. Of course, now it's Lightning and Dreams, but that's who it used to belong to. Do you know if it's maybe easier for a new Tether to form where an old one used to be?"

"I don't know, kid. Maybe you could look it up?" If there's anyone likely to have studied that in detail, it would be Lightning.

"I ought to do that. How's he doing?"

"Mannie? Seems to be having fun. And on your end?" We've reached the aisle, and I really ought to wrap up the conversation with this woman waiting on me.

"Goes great! Nosha just left with the generator. I'm going to go do research now. Maybe I can even write up a report and send it down to them. I'm almost done designing a coffee lid desktop tray for phone messages!"

"Good luck with that, then." I close the phone, tuck it away. "Sorry about that."

"Oh, I don't mind." The woman picks up a package. "These are ferrules. You'll want -- well, it's hard to say without knowing the specifications. Mind if I take a look at the list?" I pass over the piece of paper. "Eighth inch ones, not three sixteenth. This set here."

"Thanks for the help." She returns the list to me, and I mark off another item. "Looks like that's almost it."

"Always happy to help." The woman glances up and down the aisle, and her smile turns a touch Windy at the edges. "Besides, I can recognize a Sparky shopping list when I see one. Glad to hear Mannie is doing well." She laughs at my half step backwards. "It's nothing major, I'm no Sparky myself. I've worked with them before, though, and once with him. It's not as if I could forget him."

"He does have a memorable personality, doesn't he?"

"You don't know the half of it," she says, and then gives me a more serious look. "Or maybe you do." She offers a hand, and her handshake is as pleasant as everything else about her. Must be a Mercurian, doesn't have the right kind of vessel for a Cherub. "The name's Amity." It's even a Mercurian sort of name. "He'll remember me if you tell him that I did that filing for him, once. Now that was quite the project. Actually, could you pass on a message? Nothing urgent, I meant to send him a note when it was convenient, but as long as you're here..."

"I'm Kai. I'd be happy to help. What's the message?"

Her face goes a little dreamy for a moment, like she's listening to a message inside her head. "Just let him know that his brother is heading into town. Vague, I know, but he'll understand what I mean, and this isn't the time or place to go into details, understood?"

"Got it." I toss the package into my cart. "Do you live around here? I haven't had a chance to hook up with anyone yet, not that I'm sure how long I'm going to be in town myself. Depends on where the Boss sends me next." He's bound to call again, isn't he? I did what he asked, there has to be another assignment waiting for me.

"I'm only passing through. From one project to another. Always a new idea to work on." Amity sounds like a Sparky, even if she says she isn't one. Former Vapulan who ended up with a different Word after redeeming, maybe. That would explain the hardware store hobby. "Here, let me help you finish your list."

With her identifying the stranger pieces on the list, I'm finished sooner than I expected, cart piled with things from ferrules to datacom bridging modules. Outside, she holds the box while I tape, until it's all neatly packaged on the back of my bike. "Thanks again for the help."

"Always happy to give assistance." Amity gives me a cheery wave as I leave.

Halfway back to the Tether, I catch a faint rattle of disturbance, not coming from that direction. Now that the Tether's stable I don't have to worry so much about trying to keep things quiet, but disturbance is disturbance, and I'm running ahead of schedule. I swerve between cars across three lanes to make a hard right turn. This shouldn't take long.

By the time I hit about the place it sounded to come from, the jangle has faded away, and there's no one visible outside the battered little house. My fingers tap out the 1812 Overture on the handlebars, and I consider. Could be anything from some Windy dropping a vase during house-breaking to an Impudite of Death using a Song to keep a human weak, and then strangling said human to death. I need to get back into a job with a set territory to roam, where I know more about who's where doing what, and can make reasonable guesses about what's going on. One of the plus sides of having a Windy roommate is that for all the mess Jack's friends made every time he stepped by, at least I knew they were in town and behind the havoc.

Which reminds me that I ought to call Judgment and let them know I'm in the area, if they wanted to send a triad by. Haven't seen anyone from that Word since I started riding with the Windies, except for those two times we ran into them in the midst of other things. Definitely no proper triad investigating, and after decades of answering questions about what I've been up to lately, I miss that. It was comforting to know they'd watch out for me and tell me if I went wrong.

Another whisper of disturbance. Since when have I been the sort to sit around considering my next move? I disappear my bike and tromp across an untended lawn. The gate to the fenced back yard has a cheap lock on it, can't see the point when the fence is that easy to scale. I make some minimum effort to be quiet, and head for the back of the house.

The woman is in her early twenties, dark circles under her eyes, and she's backed up against the door to the yard. "Just go away," she says, weak little voice with no power behind it. "I told you, go away." A pot lies broken on the tiny patio, dirt and plant scattered out.

"Not going anywhere," says the man. His vessel screams Djinn, burly and full of slow menace. He kicks another potted plant over, more disturbance as the second pot breaks. I can't see what made the first noise I heard. "You can't jerk me around like that. Tell me you want me, then tell me to go away. You asked me in, I'm staying."

"I'll get a restraining order."

"You think a piece of paper is going to keep me away?" The demon shrugs. "You want to think that, go ahead. I'll see you again tonight." He leans forward to whisper to her, "You go to sleep, I'll be there. Just wait and see."

And then he slams the door to the house open, stalks through. I can hear the front door open, slam shut again from where I'm standing. The woman collapses into a sniffling heap on the patio.

I scramble back over the fence, see the Djinn stomping down the street. Time to play. I follow behind, checking my pockets for anything interesting. I could beat a Djinn to death with my phone, but the Sparkies might get upset. You'd think they'd appreciate creative uses of the things they make, but some of them get all huffy about using tech in exciting new ways. Handful of change, shopping list, remaining cash, Jack's talisman key, nothing thematically appropriate. Taking out demons satisfies so much more when I can do it with dramatic irony.

The Djinn notices I've been following him after three blocks. He stops, turns to glare at me. "What the fuck do you want?"

I grin. "Nothing much." He's wearing a watch, the kind with a stretchy band. Easy to get off with a quick grab. "What's your problem?"

"She set you on me to tell me off?" He steps in close enough to loom in a manner that might intimidate someone who wasn't me. "You can get your nose out of our business. Doesn't concern you."

"All sorts of things concern me." I kick up a broken chunk of brick from where it's been lying so enticingly, catch it in one hand. Amets will complain about missing this. "You're determined to continue? Because I like to give people half a chance. Just in case." The brick has a comfortable heft to it, not so good as that cue ball I used until it fell off a roof, but solid in my hand.

"Look, bitch, if you don't get out of my face right now--"

"You stalk her dreams, don't you? She can't get a decent night's sleep. There when she wakes up, there when she's asleep." I toss and catch the piece of brick. If I've guessed wrong, if this is a Djinn of a Word other than Nightmares -- well, doesn't matter. Either way, I intend to take care of the problem. Demons on Earth are my business. "Someone special you were set on, or just the first person you chose?"

His eyes go wide. Looks like my first guess was right. The swing he throws at me is inelegant, plenty of force behind it and little skill. I pull off his watch as the wrist goes by, tell it that such an honorable timepiece ought not be associated with scum like this, and slam it into the Djinn's face.

I didn't expect him to turn and run that fast. It's a surprise to see the burly figure flee, pull himself over a fence to dash through someone's back yard. But, hey, all the more fun this way. I am speed and fire, and if I'm no child of Gabriel sent to punish the cruel, I'm an angel of the Host, and demon-smiting falls under my job description.

Faster than I'd expect of a Djinn, which means it's only easy to catch up with him rather than something I could do with my eyes closed and one hand tied behind my back. I reach him three backyards down, slam him with his own watch, and he... falls backwards into the pool, pulling the loose plastic sheet stretched across down in with him.

I crouch by the side of the pool while he flails within the tarp's folds. "What, did they not teach you to swim before sending you down?" And then I offer him a hand out, because it would be impolite to leave someone's pool bloody.

He refuses the hand, trying to claw himself out of the plastic. It only tangles him further. "My Most Dread Lady will have your head for this, angel."

"I don't think your Unholy Terror is much concerned about a Djinn who turns tail and runs at the first sign of trouble," I say, hand still out. "You are new, aren't you."

The Djinn finally claws his way to the edge of the pool, and heaves himself out. That's one reason I like smaller vessels, less weight to haul around when circumstances require this sort of thing. "I'm not afraid of you," he snarls. "Can't even attack me when I'm down."

I stand up, and twirl his watch around one finger. "I'm no Swordie, but I try to give opponents a sporting chance." When no one but me is in danger, anyway; I'm not so foolish as to put in less than my full efforts when others might be affected. But this is only a young demon of Nightmares, overconfident and underprepared.

"And, what, you think I'll fall at your feet in gratitude?" He staggers back to his feet, dripping water and blood. "Don't think so."

"It's worth a try. I don't want to bother someone about heading out here to help me with body disposal. Do you have any idea how inconvenient it is to get rid of dead vessels?" I have an excellent idea of how inconvenient that can be, having aided in the process more times than I can remember.

"Not afraid of you," says the Djinn, sullen as any teenager.

"And people say I'm not the brightest celestial out there. Though Nightmares was supposed to have high-ethereal demons."

He tries to run once more, but doesn't even reach the fence between this yard and the next. When I'm finished, he's a bloody crumpled heap, and I have a stinging bruise on one shoulder where I didn't dodge quite fast enough. I pull out my phone and call Mannie.

"Problem, Kai?"

"Ran into a demon. Not much of one. Nightmares. Can you send Amets by to give me a hand with it? I need to get rid of the body before whoever lives in this house comes home."

He sighs, on the other end. "You could find trouble in a Zen garden, couldn't you?"

"I've gone weeks at a time without running into demons. Months, even!" I laugh. "Come on, you can't expect me to hear disturbance and not check it out. One less potential security risk in the city."

"Are you injured?"

"Nah," I say, rubbing my shoulder. The ache is already fading. "But I don't have the equipment I'd need to dispose of an entire dead body inconspicuously."

A brief pause, presumably while Mannie tracks down his hook on me. "I'll send him over right away."

I occupy myself with pulling the tarp out of the pool, and getting bloodstains off the concrete. No sound from inside the house. I'd rather not explain to some family why there's a dead body lying in the grass next to their lawn chairs.

When Amets clambers over the fence, he stalks straight to the demon's vessel and pokes it. "Really is dead," he says. "You couldn't have called me earlier?" He's acquired another T-shirt, this one diagramming the chemical structure of chocolate. Definitely supplied by Sparkies.

"What, you wanted me to hold a phone conversation while I was chasing him? Climbing fences one-handed isn't that easy." Amets begins unpacking pieces of black plastic from his backpack. I take the hacksaw he offers. "How are we going to transport the pieces?"

"Nosha arrived, and drove me here."

"I thought its vessel looked about eight years old." I roll the body over onto the first piece of plastic. "Or does it have a backup vessel?"

"Backup, yes." Nosha strolls towards us, a hacksaw under his arm. This vessel manages to be ambiguous both in gender and age, but the neat suit and tie suggest male rather than female. "Not every situation is well-suited to the appearance of a child. Good morning, Kai."

Between the three of us, we get the vessel reduced to fun-size pieces and sealed in plastic within a few minutes. Nosha and I pack the bundles into the trunk of his marvelously fast LightningTech car while Amets removes blood traces from the lawn. "You have an unusual talent for finding trouble," Nosha says. "It's fortunate your Archangel prepared you for it. When did you pick up the Malakite of Creation attunement?"

"Second time I lost my vessel." The bags are unpleasantly squishy, despite several layers of wrapping. "He told me that if I was going to keep jumping demons, I ought to be better at it."

"Did you ever consider fledging Malakite?" Nosha shuts the trunk, and sits on top of it. The tie he wears looks natural rather than absurd, which isn't a trick I've seen many people pull off. Never did understand what good that piece of clothing was, except for a handy noose.

"No, not my style. Did think about Kyrio for a while."

"Really? I wouldn't have guessed." He tilts his head, the Elohite expression of "I'm trying to figure out what makes you tick." This vessel is so ambiguous as to be noticeably unusual, and there are three silver loops in one of his ears. Got to wonder what this particular vessel was made for; most Elohim go for appearances that let them blend in or take on some familiar role, the way Nosha's cute-little-girl vessel does. "Why Kyriotate and Ofanite, as choices?"

"I wanted to see things. I could either be a bunch of places at once, or go for speed. Chose speed; didn't want to have to deal with using someone else's body. Not my style." I admire the car from hubcaps to headlights. "How did you end up Elohite?"

"I was made this way. I find the choices of those who fledged interesting. Relievers have so many different reasons for making that final decision." Nosha stands up as Amets approaches. "Finished?"

"The back yard is as clean as it's going to get. If the family notices anything odd, they'll likely assume wildlife quarreled there." The Malakite claims the shotgun seat. "Now let's get back before anything tries to jump the Tether. Who knows who else might be in this city?"

Nosha hands me the keys. I knew I liked Elohim for a reason. "That reminds me," I say, once I've pulled out of the little run-down neighborhood. "It would be useful to find out what other angels live near here, in case we need to call for backup when not around the Tether. Ran into one already at the hardware store, but she's not local, only passing through."

"They ought to be sending down those records with everything else once the Seneschal arrives," Nosha says. "Part of the standard package." He doesn't seem to mind the way I drive, though I do take care not to get too close to any other cars. I'd hate to scratch this one. Summonable, speedy, and shiny. Nearly as neat as my motorcycle.

"I shouldn't be surprised that Lightning has a standard set of procedures for newly-established Tethers." I cut off an SUV, and grin at its honking. Shouldn't have been trying to swap lanes in the middle of an intersection, should it? "Hey, do you know who Amity is? Seemed like a nice sort, and if she's worked with Lightning before, and happens to be between assignments, she might be able to lend us a hand."

"The name isn't familiar. Did she say what project she worked on?"

"Not specifically. Something about filing." I shrug, and park the car in the alley next to the community center for onlooker-free unsummoning. "I guess I can ask Mannie."

I summon my bike down in the basement, pass the box to Zif, and unsummon the motorcycle again. I am never going to get tired of that, though I might run out of Essence if I keep doing it. "Everything on the list. Where's Mannie?"

"Working on the system for the roof entrance." The Cherub takes the box and sets it aside with the array of who-knows-what spread out from the box Lightning delivered. There's now a humming bit of machinery in the corner of the basement, with several cords leading out; that must be the new generator. "Would you mind looking in on Al? I heard disturbance from his room, but didn't wish to confront him. He's likely to respond better to you."

"Oh. Crud. Any idea what he did?" There goes my good mood. I had a feeling he might get adolescent on us again, and sorcerers are even more likely than your average teenager to assert their sense of control.

"I wouldn't know. He may only be spending Essence to help him succeed on some part of his project." Zif leaves the possibility that he's practicing sorcery again open, waiting between the two of us. "If you'd prefer, I can speak with him myself."

"No, you're right, he's more likely to tell me what's going on." And I intend to find out what Al is up to, if I have to drag him downstairs to sulk in front of Nosha for a reading on his emotions.

I take the stairs three at a time, and find Sirius lying outside Al's door. "I would like to make clear, at this point," Sirius says, "that I told him this was a bad idea."

Oh, that doesn't bode well. "What's he been doing?"

Sirius flops over onto one side. "None of my business, he says. I call it my business. Can't protect him if he's running off being foolish. Sorcery is dangerous. I thought he meant to get out of it entirely."

I wince. "And you're right on both counts. It is your business, and it is dangerous." I rap on the door. "Al?"

"Come on in," he calls back.

Inside the room, a pretty young woman sits next to him, dressed in next to nothing. "Kai," Al says, gesturing to her. "Sorry about this, I just... needed to work something out."

"Al..."

The ethereal blows a kiss at me, and laughs. Essence-use chimes out disturbance around her, accompanied by a touch of fuzz on my mind. "Shall I go, now?" Whatever she tried doesn't seem to have done anything , though I'm annoyed she'd try.

"Yes. Do." She vanishes in another jangle of disturbance, and Al spreads his hands out apologetically. "I should have told you about this, but you were out and I... didn't think you'd approve."

"I don't." I sit down on the chair opposite his stack of mattresses. "It's dangerous, for all sorts of reasons both spiritual and physical. What were you doing?"

"I had some questions. Needed to work things out." He leans over and pours two cups of coffee. "I got the coffee maker working. Couldn't sleep anyway, so I might as well caffeinate today and crash later. What time is it?"

"Coming up on ten." It's been a busy morning, and while I'm all for keeping moving, I'd like to hope the afternoon is at least differently busy. I accept the cup of coffee as the apology it seems to be. "I'm worried, Al. You didn't even tell Sirius what you were up to."

"And I think Sirius isn't telling me everything either, so turnaround is fair play." He's more subdued than he was over breakfast. I wonder how much of his Essence he spent on his ritual; any traces of what he's done have been removed. "I needed to know stuff, okay?"

"That didn't look like a spirit of information, Al." The coffee's not so strong as I'd like, but within its depths lurks that marvelous buzz of holy energy.

He blushes under the green glow. "I, uh, didn't realize she'd show up like that." And of him I could almost believe he'd call up that ethereal to ask questions, not for typical teenage reasons. "Look, if I can get a straight answer. What do you think about me? I mean... do you really care about me, or are you just here for the whatever it is that goes on downstairs?"

I leave the chair to sit beside him on the bed. "I do care about you, Al. I'm going to do my best not to let you get hurt, and I want what's best for you. That's why I'm trying to get you away from sorcery. You do not want to anger some of the people who'd hold that against you."

"I understand." He turns his coffee mug around in his hands; he's barely touched the stuff. "I just... I want things, and I can't always figure out how to get them, and then there's this whole world of possibilities that opens up if I only perform the right ritual."

"It's a big world, Al. Plenty of possibilities without ever touching sorcery."

He leans in to kiss me. Awkward enough that I don't think he's done this much before. "I won't do it again," he says, when he breaks away. "I promise."

"Good." I kiss him back, and there's something strange in the back of my mind, like someone telling me this isn't a good idea. But that voice is very far away, and Al's right here, needing a hug and then some and proof that this world isn't so bad.

Surely the Boss would approve.

I finish with the rooftop door, and traipse downstairs to check on other progress. Nosha, wearing an adult vessel, has taken over the process of working on the first-floor doors. "Afternoon," he says, as I approach. "Do you know, I'm finding traces of an old security system that was removed. This may make installation faster."

"Convenient." I lean against the door he's working on, and pass him a wrench. "Where's everyone else?"

"Amets has stepped outside to meet some of the neighbors, that he might better notice strangers and suspicious people in the future. Though he did flee back inside once, having been too eagerly pursued by young adolescents. Zif is downstairs working on basement security and generator hookups." He shuts the panel he's just finished installing, and spins the combination on the lock. "Kai has been talking with Al about some recent misstep."

"What, she's still doing that?"

"Apparently so. I stopped by the room, but an ethereal spirit at the door asked that I move on, as the proceedings inside were private. When I knocked at the door, Kai told me she was busy, so I chose to accept this as true." Nosha returns the wrench to the tool box that lies open beside him. "What were you debating asking me?"

I could sometimes do without the Elohite ability to read emotions. "About the Tether you were Seneschal for. When you still served Death."

"I see." Nosha picks up his toolbox and equipment, and moves on towards the other door. "What did you want to know about it?"

"I... don't know. What it was like, to be attuned to something that closely connected to Death. How you acquired the position. None of my questions are necessary."

"Curiosity is a common trait among Servitors of Jean," Nosha says. He sets down his tools by the western entrance. "I indulge in it myself, when there is no reason to do otherwise. I can't hold it against anyone else." He begins excavating the plastered-over space where some box of electronics had once been installed beside the door. I pass him the tools as he needs them. I ought to be doing something more productive, and not bothering him with my questions. "To answer briefly. Being a Seneschal, and I was Word-bound, not only attuned, brought with it more power than I'd ever had before, or since. I served the Word of Death efficiently and eagerly until Saminga noted my efforts, and gave me a position of greater responsibility."

He pauses for a moment, dealing with buried wiring that needs to be removed before he can continue. I begin assembling the equipment he'll be installing. "I have no right to pry, Nosha."

"The knowledge may be useful to you. Nearly all knowledge may be useful, and it is difficult to predict what will be so, beyond the most obvious." He seals away the last wire, and takes the piece from me. "Thank you. I believe there's still a question you wish to ask that you haven't."

"Why did you leave?"

"The reasons were complex. But the catalyst event? There was a raid on the Tether I guarded. I drove the attackers off, and in the process killed the vessel of a Cherub who had once served Raphael alongside me." Nosha installs the piece precisely, efficiently, every motion of his fingers perfect for what the job requires. I could never find fault in his work.

"A Lightning raid?"

"No, Creation. Not all of her Servitors turned to Jean." He takes a piece of wire from my hands, not looking at me, and I suddenly wonder what I would see if I tried to read his Needs now. "I was supervising the cleanup, and looking at her vessel, found myself wishing I could visit her Heart, wait for her to revive." Nosha gives me a smile, distant and sad. "That was when my delusions, built up so carefully, broke apart. I was no angel, sent to punish the weak, but only a demon who'd turned against all she once held dear. It was a mockery of Raphael's sacrifice to have become what I was."

"And so you ran."

"Yes. Back to a Tether where I'd served when I was very young. It no longer connected to Knowledge, but to Lightning." Nosha finishes with this piece, and begins to install the panel to cover it. "I hadn't even taken the time to break my Heart. I begged them to call down Jean, to let me be stripped apart by one who would understand."

"You survived, though." The one who understands us, every Force held together as he brought us into Heaven.

"I did. I was... disappointed. It would have been easier to be ripped and destroyed entirely, to not live with what I had done." Nosha closes the panel, spins the lock, and turns to face me. I don't dare to read anything in his calm eyes. "I lost more than half my Forces in the process. I dared to hope that I'd be lost entirely, but I was not. Afterwards, it would have been too subjective and selfish to wish for destruction. So I performed the tasks I was given."

I close my eyes. I will read something in his, if I don't. "It's painful for you to talk about this. I shouldn't have asked."

"And if I allow my pain to direct my actions? I've been down that path before, Mannie." When I open my eyes, Nosha smiles at me, the same expression I've seen when he sits in my office with a cookie in hand. "I'm not offended by the questions. I thought you would ask them earlier. Now, which part of the building should we improve next?"

#

By the time sunset arrives, we've installed lighting throughout the first floor, and on every staircase. Zif finds us on the staircase between the fifth and sixth floors, debating the merits of proper lighting through the building versus alarms on the windows of the higher floors. "I'm having trouble tracking down the holder of the deed. The director of the community center held it, but after his death, it was passed on to... well. No one seems to be sure. I may have better luck on Monday when more offices are open."

"Ask Maharang," Kai says. She stands at the bottom of the stairs, a few steps behind Zif, and looks... tired. "This place used to be a Tether of Creation, so it's likely the deed passed on to another Creationer after that Tether was destroyed. Maharang has been researching the building's history, and may know who has the deed now."

Zif nods, and walks back down the stairs. "Thank you," she says, and the look she gives me is one Kai can't see. I don't even need the hint.

My Ofanite walks up the rest of the stairs, less spring to her steps than there ought to be. One stair at a time. "Kai," Nosha says, "what's wrong?"

"I'm stupid sometimes," she says, "that's all." And wraps her arms around me when she's close enough.

Nosha's eyes widen at whatever he's reading. "I ought to get back to installing the lights on the second floor," he says, and leaves hastily.

I pull Kai down the hallway, the staircase lights providing enough illumination that I can see her clearly. Not that there's much to see, with her head buried in my chest. "What happened?"

"Been stupid. That's all." She pulls away from me. "Al's been dabbling in sorcery. He promised he wouldn't try it again, but last time he said he wouldn't do it anymore either, so how can I trust him?"

"What did he call up?" If the boy had summoned demons or anything hostile, we'd have heard the fight, and Kai wouldn't be looking so miserable. She likes combat.

"Some ethereal with more control over the emotions of others than I'd like." She begins pacing around me, a tight anxious orbit. "And sent it away promptly, little good that it did me by that point. But I am. Annoyed." Her hands are clenched. "Effects wore off about an hour ago. Had a talk with Al. He swears up and down that he won't try it again, but I can't trust him anymore. It's not like he even meant any harm by it, he's just a screwed-up kid who got raised to believe he ought to take what he wants, no thought for others. And he's getting better. But I can't trust him."

I take hold of her wrists, keeping her facing me for a moment. "What did he do to you?"

"Nothing I haven't done before. But it wasn't right." She smiles crookedly at me. "The Boss didn't approve. And even noticing that didn't snap me out of it until the mind-twist wore off."

All the pieces coming together, like an equation reducing to a line. I'd be halfway down the stairs if she weren't holding onto me now, hands around my wrists in turn. "Don't," she says.

"Don't! That little bastard--"

"Needs some serious psychological help, among other things." She's stronger than I am, and isn't about to let go. I stop pulling before she has to decide between bruising my wrists and letting me go. "If Yves can spare an Elohite of Destiny to come in and talk to the kid, that would be ideal. Might not happen. But you getting angry about this isn't going to help anyone."

"It would make me feel better."

"And I would love to make you feel better, Mannie. But not like that." She releases me, and I know enough about Ofanim by now to respect the favor she's doing by standing still in front of me. "No matter what he looks like, he's still human. Amazing potential to screw up and to do wonderful things. He's managed both. Humans are like that."

"And you're going to let him... get away with that."

"Hell, no. I told him if he tried anything like that on me again, he'd end up with bits of his own machine wedged down his throat, and I'd do worse if he tried on anyone else. Last I checked, Al was curled up being apologetic and weepy and self-pitying. Ten to one Nosha and Zif are down there with him right now, working through that. But he counts himself to have two real friends, and the other one's an ethereal spirit who will have to leave if his old master returns. So I'm not going to abandon him." She folds her arms. "No matter how much I may be annoyed at the brat. That was horribly immature."

"Immature? We're talking about a sorcerer who summoned up ethereal spirits to mind-fuck an angel so that he could have sex with you!"

"In his defense," Kai says mildly, "he doesn't know I'm an angel. But, yes, I wouldn't call it his most shining moment. Fortunately, considering what he's capable of, it's unlikely to be his fate either."

Any number of people would be put out if I followed through with what I'd like to do right now. And so I take a few deep breaths, and try to channel my inner Elohite. "You're taking this well."

"I've been through worse. The time I was caught by the Game, for one." Which was so through and through my fault that it can't be coincidence that's the first example she brings up. "Besides, I'm not good at staying angry at people for long. Especially a kid who's looking like a puppy who's been caught peeing on the living room carpet."

"If I had a rolled-up newspaper..."

Kai actually laughs. "Zif knows all about rolled-up newspapers. They'll take care of the problem, okay? So relax."

"Relax."

"Yes." She kisses me, more seriously than usual, and then spins off to do airy loops around me. "I've lost limbs and vessels to demons before, I've been Charmed and Essence-drained by Impudites, lied to by Balseraphs, taunted by Habbalah, hooked by Lilim, and blasted by Calabim. Having sex with one human when I didn't mean to? Pretty low on the list of traumatic events. If you're upset, I won't tell you not to be, but don't do it on my account."

"I'm not good at maiming anyway. Not without proper equipment."

"That's the spirit." She pauses, mid-step. "Oh, I almost forgot. A friend of yours I met earlier today asked me to give you a message."

"A friend of mine?" Most of the people who I'd call that are in this building, or have my phone number.

"Or someone you worked with. Said she wasn't a Sparky herself, but had done work with Lightning. Name's Amity."

A few dozen Lightning Servitors I've worked with briefly since I reached Heaven, fewer from other Words who were helping us out with something. "The name isn't familiar."

"Said she did some sort of filing job for you? I don't know, she was being kinda vague around the edges."

I have used up too many different emotions in the last twenty-four hours. I'm starting to run out. "What message did, ah, Amity give you?"

"Said your brother was coming to town. How does that even work?"

...oh. Hell.

"I'll explain later." I run down the stairs, Kai right behind me. "Zif!"

She meets me on the third floor. "Problem?"

"Aglaya met up with Kai this morning. Said that Hari's coming into the city, and I don't think it's to check out the tourist attractions."

"Aglaya?" Kai sounds plaintive. She's not the only one who's been forgetting to pass around complete information, but I've been busy, she's been busy, there have been other things to concentrate on.

"Vapulan Impudite, used to work for Lightning, long story. I should've told you she was around."

"That does explain why I pegged her as a Mercurian," Kai says. "But if she's all Vapulan, why would she give you forewarning about Hari showing up? And I take it this is a bad thing? I know he's the one who--"

"Yes, it's a bad thing. This is an immensely bad thing. When I left, he was shooting for his second distinction, and last I knew he had about three Forces on me. He's bound to have backup, isn't the sort to do the dirty work himself. Zif--"

"I'm looking into matters." Her PDA is out and scribbled on. "Kai, did Aglaya say anything about how soon Hari would arrive?"

"I don't think so. She said it wasn't urgent, but that was this morning. I don't know what her definition of urgent would be. Or why she'd be telling us about this in the first place."

"She's a demon," I say. "And a Vapulan on top of that. Sanity and straightforward thinking aren't necessary. She held a gun in my face to talk to me, yesterday, and I wasn't in enough danger through the conversation to even alert Zif."

"Weird. But that's demons for you." Kai spins a set of keys around on one finger. "Now I'm sort of wishing I hadn't called Judgment to work out a meeting with a triad."

Zif pauses. "And what did they say?"

"That it was about time I got in contact with them again, should've done so sooner, and set up a meeting for tonight. In about half an hour." She sighs. "I probably ought to cancel. They're going to be annoyed, and right to be so. It's been months since I answered their questions."

"No. Go ahead with the meeting." Zif puts away her PDA, and pulls out her phone. "We may want a triad of Judgment nearby. Where are you meeting them?"

"The coffee shop where we met up."

"Not far from here. Return if you hear any disturbance. Knowing Judgment, they're unlikely to sit around waiting if you do." Zif begins dialing, some number not stored on her phone. "This may not be a problem for days, weeks, or ever, but let's not take chances while security is still so weak."

"I'm sorry I didn't get you the message sooner."

"Better than never. And walk, rather than taking your bike; you may need your Essence. Security code to get out is 75666. Knock, don't open the door, when you return. If it's urgent, use the window three to the left of the northern entrance; the boards are loose enough to pull off."

Kai nods, and dashes downstairs towards the basement exit.

Zif follows briskly, on her phone. "Zif. Received news of a possible Vapulan attack. No certainty on the time frame." She flips a switch as we reach the second floor, and three lights turn on; Nosha's been at work here, though I don't know where he is now. Likely somewhere with Al, working through the brat's emotions to pull out some remaining shred of decency. "Stand-by will do. Too much chance of this being a ploy to divert resources."

I could track Aglaya's distance, but I don't dare waste the Essence. She's not the one I'm worried about, though I'd dearly like to know what game she's playing. I find myself sketching out possibilities and contingency plans, as Zif continues her planning on the phone.

She hangs up, and puts on her counselor face. "I was under the impression Hari was a Habbalite. Why did Aglaya call him your brother?"

"Old joke." I try to wave it away, but she's having none of that. "We worked together on... most everything. For most of a century. When we weren't on the same project, we were on competing ones."

"Why?"

"I don't know. Never asked. Someone's idea of a joke, because we were made at the same time. Does it matter?"

"Possibly." Zif frowns. "Don't use your last two notes of Essence, not under any circumstances. If this should become complicated, I want you safely back in Heaven. I don't suppose you have a hook on Hari?"

"No, or I'd have used it long ago. We had an particular, ah, arrangement. He didn't resonate me, I didn't resonate him."

"I see." There's more meaning to those words than I'm getting from them. I'll have to ask her about that later. "Do you have any plans to pursue old grudges?"

"No. I'm not a match for him anymore, and I don't know what equipment he might bring. I'll stay away."

"Good." She leaves, presumably to check on our defenses again, and I... wait there. Consider. It would be foolish of me to be swayed by old rivalries, not when I'm well out of that entire organization. I won't do anything of the sort.

Probably won't.

Hari was the oldest of the class. No, he corrected himself, not the oldest, but the one with the most Forces; all the others were large demonlings nearly ready to fledge, or seven-Force demons barely to grips with their new abilities. He wasn't sure if he ought to feel superior for having nine Forces already, or ashamed to be stuck in a classroom full of weak demons. Hari hunched over the notebook on his desk, sending surreptitious glances at those around him, and chose to be proud. They were nothing but sniveling weak demons, crawling their way up from slime to Servitor, while he was an angel of punishment, created by the Genius Archangel himself. No room for anything but pride.

There was one desk empty in the room, and the Djinn at the front of the class flipped dully through some book, occasionally glancing about at the assembled students. So everyone would have to wait until the late student arrived; Hari itched for class to begin, and made a point of watching the door. He would know who had come late, remember that this demon was unreliable. Shifty. Not to be counted on.

Minutes dragged on unbearably, a terribly large portion of his life as each stretched out. Hari reached out with his resonance, tested it on the little Shedite to his left, the gremlin in front of him. They responded with quiet adoration, eager looks when the Djinn was turned away. He smiled benevolently back at them. Some day he would have Servitors of his own, and they would love and fear him the way all did the Genius Archangel.

The door opened. A Lilim stepped up to the doorway, glanced about the room, and then made his way to the remaining desk.

"You're late," said the Djinn, shutting her book.

"I'm sorry." The Lilim folded his hands neatly on top of the desk. "I got lost on the way here. The map I received seems to be out of date, or otherwise inaccurate. Is there someone in charge of such things who I ought to notify?"

The Djinn ignored the question, and raised herself to her hind legs, propping broad front paws of multi-jointed fingers across the desk. "We will begin with elementary mathematics. We shall proceed from there to physics, chemistry, and other simple sciences. I expect all of you to perform perfectly. These things are quite simple, and anyone who cannot perform to expectations will not be suited to a career in--" She paused, and shook her head. "Class will begin shortly. Don't go anywhere." And then the Djinn loped out of the room, tail lashing behind her.

The classroom promptly dissolved into whispered comments among the students. "I wonder what sort of message she got," said the Shedite, oozing a little closer to Hari. He began to regret resonating the thing. "It must be important."

"Only more important than we are," said the Lilim. He pulled out a pen, and wrote in the notebook on his desk.

"What are you writing?" Hari asked, leaning over to catch a glimpse. Lilim were made with nine Forces, so this one must be roughly his equal in power, if of course nowhere near his match. "Class hasn't even started."

"Questions I want to ask," said the Lilim. "There are all sorts of things that don't make sense. We are here to learn, aren't we?"

Hari read down the list of questions. Who's in charge of keeping the maps up to date? How long will the classes take? What's the most important area of science to specialize in? Where can one find a Djinn of Lust? "Why do you want to find a Djinn of Lust?"

"The teacher needs one." The Lilim frowned. "Or wants one. I'm not sure what the difference is. Mother gave little instruction in this area. I will have to ask our Archangel." He turned to look at Hari. "People want strange things. I don't think I'll be able to help most of them."

"Get out of my head," Hari snapped, and threw out a wave of melancholy at the Lilim, to make him turn away.

"Don't do that," said the Lilim. No more effect than that. Hari remembered that this demon wasn't so weak as the others in the class. "What's wrong with knowing what people need? The whole point of needing something is that you want to get it. I can't help anyone get what they want until I know what that is."

"I don't want anyone looking inside my mind," said Hari. His hands were trembling, and he wanted to go find needles and thread, ink and iron, a way to mark himself until he was strong enough to not let anyone see anything inside of him.

"If you won't resonate me, I won't resonate you," said the Lilim. "Deal?"

"Deal," Hari agreed, none too happily, but no Geas settled around him to seal the issue. So it was only an informal agreement; he could abide by that until it ceased to be convenient. "It's stupid to tell people what they want. Most of them don't want to hear it, or don't want to know that you know. How old are you?"

The Lilim looked up to the front of the classroom, where the clock ticked solidly around its circle. "About seven hours. How old are you?"

Hari did not wish to admit he was exactly that old. "It doesn't matter. Look, you can't go around telling people things and asking questions. That's not how it works. You shut up and you listen to what people tell you, and later when you're more powerful, then you can tell people things. But not yet."

The Lilim copied down what he'd said, in neat handwriting across the paper. "I thought science was about asking questions."

"Look -- what's your name?"

"Maharang. What's yours?"

"Hari. Look, Maharang," said the Habbalite, settling comfortably into the role of the older and wiser giver of knowledge, "maybe you get to ask questions later in science, but right now isn't the time for it. You keep quiet, you listen to what the teachers say, that's it."

"But... I want to learn things myself." The Lilim sounded almost plaintive. "Isn't this about--"

"It's about doing God's will," Hari said sharply, and gave Maharang his best glare. "We discover the secrets of the universe and turn them into technology. We give knowledge to those humans down below, and the strong ones will know how to use it well, and the weak ones will take each other out using it poorly. That's the will of God. That's what we're doing. If the Genius Archangel has set us here to learn, that's our part in God's will right now, which means you don't get to argue, or ask questions, or do anything but sit still and listen. Understand?"

"That's what he said." The Lilim spun the pen around in his hands uncertainly. "That it's all part of God's plan. I don't entirely understand."

"That's because you're just a demon, not an angel." Hari snatched the pen out of the Lilim's hands, and set it down on the desk. "So stop fidgeting, and stop asking questions. That'll only get you into trouble."

"I see." Maharang folded his hands neatly. "Thank you for telling me."

"Listen to me, and maybe you'll even get somewhere." Hari was gratified to see that several of the demons and gremlins around them had been listening in, as shown by the way so many heads turned suddenly back to staring at the front of the classroom when he settled down in his chair.

"You're so smart," said the Shedite beside him, from several mouths at once. It slurmed over towards him from its desk. "Could you give me advice too?"

Hari edged away from it, and tried to remember how long this sort of adoration would last. No one had told him specifically, and he'd never tried before. "Maybe after class," he said. And hoped that this session of class would take a very long time.

"Don't drop that!"

Jack noted the urgent tone in Kai's voice, and rescued the vase from the Elohite who was juggling it. "It doesn't match your decor," he said, passing the misshapen little thing back to Kai. "Really, we'd be doing you a favor if it broke."

"It was a gift from a student," Kai said, and put the vase into the cupboard that had been marked with a hasty Don't Touch. No, Really. I Mean It sign done in red crayon on the back of a delivery menu. "If you want to break something, try the plaque over there. I got it instead of a raise last year. Not that I needed a raise, but you'd think they could have made the plaque attractive."

"It wouldn't be the same," said the Elohite, but she did pick up the gaudy little award and eye it thoughtfully.

The Cherub, her attuned tagging along behind, returned from the bedroom. "I hate to tell you this, but the springs on your bed don't work very well. What have you been doing in there?"

"Probably not what you were planning on doing in there," Jack said, and shut the bedroom door behind the two of them, with a quick shove to get the human out of the way. He leaned back against the door, and shrugged apologetically at Kai. "Sorry to drop everyone in on you like this all of a sudden, but--"

"You needed a place to stay, right." Kai managed a smile, though it seemed a bit strained around the edges. "Don't worry about it. I could use the company. Though I hadn't really expected so much company."

"Originally we were traveling in two groups," said the Seraph, looking up from where he'd been unpacking lumps of clay from his bag. "But we ran into each other when we both tried to steal items from the same infernal Tether at the same time, and we all ended up running in approximately the same direction when the alarms sounded. We won't be here long."

Kai grabbed Jack, and pulled him aside. "How long were you planning on staying here? And if you say three days, let me remind you that three days is a very long time to have..." He paused, and counted. "...six people in an apartment this size."

"Well," said Jack, "no more than three days, for sure." He pulled the Ofanite in for a hug. "Relax, Kai. We won't break anything too important. We just need to lay low until we're sure no one's on our trail. You keep heading to work like usual, and you'll barely notice us."

"Not true," said the Seraph, now in the kitchen. He leaned out the doorway. "Kai, are there any pots in here that you would be upset about losing?"

"Not especially, but please don't set anything on fire. The landlord's already annoyed about when I did that last week, and it's going to take at least a month for her to--" Kai twitched as banging began on the door. "Oh, that's going to be her."

"I'll handle this," said the Seraph, and when he opened the door his voice was full of charm. "Oh, you must be the landlord!"

Jack had only seen the woman once or twice before, when breezing through for a visit. He wasn't more impressed than he had been before, reading her life as much from the way she stood in the doorway as from what the Symphony told him. Petty and self-righteous, a one-track mind and a one-track life that hadn't swerved out of propriety or expectation in sixty years. What sort of destiny had she missed out on, doing nothing but what was expected of her? He couldn't imagine any destiny that would fit a life like that.

"There have been complaints," said the woman, in a way that meant she was the first one to complain. "About noise, and large gatherings." She tried to peer further into the room, but the Seraph neatly moved to intercept her vision.

"I apologize for that, ma'am. We're staying over for a few days, but our intent wasn't to wake you up. We'll try to keep things a bit quieter now. Won't we?" he added, in a voice that dared anyone in the room to tell the Seraph he was telling an untruth.

"It's a week night," said the woman, her anger melting away under the force of good cheer and sincere apologies.

"So it is! And too much noise could keep people up." The Seraph gently ushered her out the door. "Thank you for the reminder. Have a good night!" He shut the door, and grinned at the rest of them. "Now, if you can manage to wreak havoc a little bit more quietly..."

"This doesn't count as wreaking havoc," said the Cherub. "It's not even mayhem. We're barely even causing a public disturbance."

"Wouldn't even call it a private disturbance," said her attuned, and collapsed onto the couch. "Anyone know where the remote went?"

"Don't have one," said Kai. "I loaned it to a Sparky and last I heard it was part of his security system. Or maybe his car stereo, I don't remember which. It's not like it takes that many steps to reach the television and change the channels."

The attuned peered up at Kai. "Thanks for letting us crash here, man. Um. Woman." He looked plaintively to the Cherub. "Could someone give me a hint, here?"

"According to the driver's license, male," said the Elohite, and passed Kai's wallet back to him. "Hey, do you have any ice cream?"

"In the freezer. So long as you don't mind pistachio." Kai began meandering in an irregular pattern around furniture and people. "I finished off the chocolate yesterday, because chocolate shouldn't sit around waiting to get freezer burn. Not that chocolate is any more inherently holy than pistachio is, but I prefer it. Which my triad would say is a warning sign of becoming overly attached to the luxuries of the corporeal plane, but I like chocolate in Heaven, too, so I don't see how this should be a problem. I'll have to ask them about that in more detail the next time they show."

The Seraph leaned out of the kitchen. "Do you have any aluminum foil?"

Kai paused, mid-step. "What are you doing with my pots and aluminum foil?"

"Making keys, of course," said the Seraph.

"Top drawer, second from the left."

"Thanks." The Seraph cackled to himself, and turned on the stove.

"Wait a minute," said the Cherub, who'd settled down next to her attuned on the couch. "You're under investigation by a triad?"

"Not so much under investigation as they come to check on me from time to time," Kai said. Jack caught the Ofanite in a passing orbit, and pulled him over to sit on the floor between stacks of books. Comfortable little bundle of energy resting against him, though it wouldn't last for long. "Because of my Boss being out and about, so someone needs to make sure we're keeping to our jobs. I don't mind it. They're pretty neat guys. A little twitchy about accepting food, for some reason. What is it with Judgment and food? I can understand them getting concerned about sex or television or, I don't know, parking tickets, but I can't see anything wrong with a pint of ice cream now and then."

"How often do they stop by?" asked the Elohite, catching the mugs she'd been juggling one by one without cracking any against each other.

"Once a week. Fridays, around three or four in the afternoon, depending on whether they're running behind or not."

The Windies paused, and exchanged a series of significant looks over Kai's head.

"Two days," said Jack. "We're not staying any longer than two days." Kai was already shifting restlessly in his grip, but the Ofanite would stay there a few minutes longer. And would no doubt wave them away cheerfully when they finally blew out of town.

"Two days I can live with," said Kai. "Try not to set anything important, large, or not belonging to me on fire while I'm at work tomorrow, okay?"

The Elohite applied a lighter thoughtfully to the corner of the plaque. "I think we can work with that."

I finish off my mocha and get straight coffee to follow it. I shouldn't be so nervous about meeting with a triad, because I've never had any problems with them before. It makes perfect sense that while my Boss is busy elsewhere, he'd need someone to check up on all his kids, make sure we're keeping to what we ought to be doing. He's not the sort to slap us with a dissonance condition to keep us in line, so all the more reason for them to watch out for us. I appreciate knowing there's someone out who's sure to tell me if I'm screwing up, when no one else is around to see.

Of course, my triad used to come by once a week while I was working as a ballet instructor, and there's not that much trouble I could get in, not in that job. Only time I saw excitement was when Jack swept into town, or I noticed demons sniffing around. Adala would ask the standard set of questions, throw in one or two unusual ones to keep me on my toes, and Nomikos and Dedan would wait until it was over. Then it was time for a bit of chatter about what I'd been doing lately, and they'd be off to their next assignment. Friendly, comfortable, familiar. This time I'm going to have to explain a sorcerer and two ethereals, a call from my Boss, and that whole incident with Al that prompted me to call Judgment. Not to mention talking to strangers instead of old friends; never did get the whole story on why my triad was broken up, but I got the impression I won't seeing those three in an official way again.

I'd buy them coffee, but some Judges get all huffy about indulging in corporeal luxuries like that. I tried explaining how caffeine made things holy once, but Adala asked me to stop on account of a headache, so that's unlikely to fly with the next triad. Never have grasped what they think is wrong with appreciating the world my Boss helped make. It's not like they get on Destiny's case about appreciating literature, so why be so upset that Creation can appreciate food and sex?

I'm definitely stressed if I'm forming responses to accusations nobody's made at me yet.

When the triad walks in, I'm up getting a refill on my coffee. The Cherub's one that I've met before, tagging along behind my old triad to observe them in action some forty or fifty years back. She never said much at the time, only sat on my couch and listened while the senior members of the triad did the talking. They wait for me to finish filling the cup, then follow me over to the side room I've adopted. Not much business in here tonight; tomorrow must be a weekday.

The tall man must be the Seraph; his vessel reminds me a little of Mannie's, all straight lines and sharp angles. I know a Seraph of Creation who prefers the short and chubby style, but Judgment doesn't deviate far from the classics. You'd think that having three people walking around like they own the place, divided into tall-thin, stocky, and other, would be something of a security risk, but since that hasn't stopped them, I can only assume they take that into consideration. Can't identify the third member by body type, though he doesn't move quite right to be an Ofanite. Perfectly ordinary-average appearance, aside from a slight bend to his nose, like it was broken and set wrong once. Could be a Kyriotate, which would be interesting; I've never run into a Kyrio Judge doing triad duty. If so, I'll have to ask how they handle hosts. Do they find someone willing to be out of his body for days of the circuit, pick up locals, or something else entirely?

I close the door; the owner of this place works the counter herself some nights, and said she didn't mind if I took over the room for a few hours. As she put it, at least I'm not so noisy as the study groups. "Evening. Anyone want coffee?"

"Corporeal beverages are unnecessary," says the Cherub. She waits until the other members of her triad have sat down to take a seat herself. All of them across from me, and isn't this going to be fun. "I notice you've already gone through several."

"By the blessed power of coffee, it's all made holy. Besides, it would be impolite for me to take up an entire room here without buying a few drinks. This place is so un-corporate it's barely scraping by." If the community center gets turned into any sort of proper meeting area again, museum or research lab or what have you, this will be the nearest place to grab caffeine. I hope that'll work out; they brew a mean special blend, here.

The Seraph steeples his fingers. Could do some great piano-work with fingers like that. "Kai, Ofanite of Creation. By the power of Judgment, we require your cooperation with our inquiry. I am Themistokles, Seraph of Judgment. Shamira, Cherub of Judgment. Galen, Elohite of Judgment. Do you have any questions before we begin?"

"Not especially. Glad you could make it so soon." A moment of surprise flickers across the Seraph's face, and why do Judges get confused when I tell them I'm happy to see them? Maybe I keep running into ones that have been spending time trying to interrogate War Servitors. They are a stiff lot, took Dedan months to unbend enough that I felt comfortable hugging him, but there needs to be solid, unbending types to give boundaries to the rest of us. The harp's frame, so that all the vibrating strings can be kept in tension.

"Have you acquired any dissonance or Discord since you last met with a triad of Judgment?"

"Nope." I know the basic questions my triad always asked as well as the notes to the William Tell Overture on the piccolo. I ought to pick up another one of those in the near future, stop by a pawn shop and find one waiting for someone to bring it back to life. Instruments shouldn't have to wait too long between being played. "Never had any Discord, haven't been consorting with demons unless you count the part where I hit them until they stop moving, and much as I like my Boss's world, I'm not about to run off from Heaven to have fun in it. He wouldn't approve. No one I've talked to lately has been, to the best of my knowledge, Outcast." I pause, and remember Aglaya. "Though I did end up talking to one demon today who I believed at the time to be an angel. I've already reported that to the Cherub who's temporarily in charge of the new Tether, and they have that under control. Wait, ended up talking to two demons, but the Djinn ended up vessel-dead, so that doesn't count, I think."

Themistokles, who apparently chooses to indulge the Seraph habit of having a long name and not using any nicknames to make addressing him any faster, can't imagine that's useful in the middle of a fight, scribbles out something in his notebook. "Please do not anticipate our questions."

"Okay." I drink coffee to cover my frown. I'm only trying to be helpful.

"According to our files, you've spent the last several month traveling with several Servitors of Janus. However, we have no record of you moving into his service. How do you explain this?"

"The Game toasted my last Role, and vessel. Okay, so technically the angel rescue squad did in the vessel, but that was to get me away from the Game, so I figure that counts as the fault of Hell. By the time I got back to Earth, I couldn't do much about that, and I didn't have a new assignment, not once the job I did for Lightning was over. So I figured Jack could always use a hand, and I wasn't about to just drop Sharon without anyone she knew to help out."

"Those would be the Mercurian of the Wind, and the human who you recruited?"

"Right. I mean, recruitment isn't quite the right word for it, she shot a demon I was fighting with, and saw enough that I pretty much had to explain things at that point. But she's doing great with the Windies."

"Why not return to Heaven, rather than continue on Earth?" This from the Elohite. Perfectly neutral face. I like Nosha better.

"What good would that do? Can't use most of the skills my Boss gave me back in Heaven. No demons to smack, and not so much with the need for ballet instructors there." And the empty Halls of Creation terrified me, space and silence where there used to be crowds and music. "Being able to heal fast or kill someone with a paperclip isn't much use there. Not that I've ever killed someone with a paperclip, but I did take out some eyes, once."

More notes taken. Not the chattiest triad I've ever dealt with. "Are the Servitors of the Wind you were traveling with still in this area?"

"Nah, they dropped me off and moved on. It's been way over three days already. And, I mean, unstable Tether, Windies. Not the greatest combination out there, especially when Nip can't avoid disturbance to save her life. There was this one incident with a room full of vampires--"

"Please concentrate on the actual questions," says the Seraph. "Why did you choose to remain here?"

"Because the Boss gave me the job." Themistokles freezes mid-note. "I'll admit I was starting to wonder if it was a hint on his part, not giving me any new instructions. I'd been planning on heading back to where I used to work right after schools let out, see if I could pick up a related job during the summer rush and move back to where I used to be."

"Eli contacted you directly?" The Elohite this time. Perfectly neutral voice. I guess Judges are supposed to be unbiased, so neutral works, but it's such a flat thing to do with a voice. Is that actually objectively the most useful approach? "By what method?"

"Called. I have a phone the Sparkies gave me, so I can stay in touch with Mannie."

"The Bright Lilim," supplies the Elohite, and the Seraph looks unhappy. I'm not sure what they'd be worried about; I'm a Servitor, my Archangel is supposed to give me jobs to do. Maybe it's because I'm running around with LightningTech, without being a Sparky myself. I probably shouldn't bring up the motorcycle unless they ask.

"Kai, what did Eli say to you? Precisely." The Seraph flips to another page in his notebook. "Or as best you can remember it."

"Um." All the marvelous warmth of hearing that voice, that I remember clearly, but not so much the exact words. "He asked how I was doing. And I said fine, that I was planning on going back to my old job soon. But he told me not to worry about it, and that he had a new job for me. That a new Tether was forming and I should," I search for the phrase as best I can remember it, "watch out for it and make sure it didn't break up before it could be stabilized. And that it wasn't his."

"That was everything?" Galen again, while the Seraph takes notes. The Cherub hasn't said a word since she sat down.

"Asked if I could manage, and I said I'd do my best. So he told me to keep up the good work. And that was it, yes."

"Everything?" The Seraph's tone borders on accusatory.

"Um. I did hit call-back." I take another sip of my coffee. Not as hot as I like it anymore. "Which I shouldn't have, because if the Boss had more to say to me, he would have said it while he was on the line. Didn't work anyway. So. I shouldn't have done that."

"Because you miss him," says Galen. Ever neutral tones. A voice like that, he ought to learn to sing, it's a nice tenor if he'd use it properly.

"Yeah." I finish the coffee. Too bad they'd get annoyed if I went and got another refill. "I know he's doing important work. He wouldn't leave like this otherwise. And it's selfish of me to want him around and back in Heaven just to make me feel better. Doesn't stop me from wanting it, sometimes. Most times." I push the cup away, and begin folding a napkin into a frog. It won't be able to hop with paper this soft. "I appreciate that you watch out for us. If my Boss had to leave us for this long, can't think of anyone better than Judgment for him to ask to keep us in line. Different enough viewpoints that you can see us from the outside, where closer Words might not notice if we were slipping." The Seraph is frowning again. "I'm sorry. I'll try to stick to the questions you ask. My head's on a little crooked right now. It's been a long day."

"Why would Eli send you to protect a Tether not his own?" Still the Elohite, and I expected another remark from the Seraph.

"I don't know. Because he happened across it and it serves the cause of Heaven?" If the building used to be a Tether of Creation... I wonder if the Boss visits the sites of his dead Tethers, to watch for any sign of new life. Or if it's more like visiting the grave of someone dead and gone. Students of mine dead in one way or another, and I have no way of tracing where they've gone. Not many, but time will bring down more. Maybe it isn't so bad to leave the job I was in, compared to watching people I love reach the inevitable human end, whether they've reached their destinies or not. "If he thought I needed to know why, he would have told me."

"Do you consider the assignment you were given to be completed?" Finally Themistokles again, and his voice doesn't have those irritating bland tones.

"Yes." He can't ask for an answer more concise than that unless I start nodding and shaking my head.

"What do you intend to do next?"

"Stick around the Tether so long as Mannie is there. Run errands for them and that sort of thing." Find a time to drag my ever-worried Bright off into a private room and reassure him that we're both okay. "After that... I don't know. If I don't hear anything more from my Boss, probably pick up with the Windies again the next time they're through. Might do a few jobs for Lightning again, if they have anything in mind and it doesn't involve playing secretary again. I'm not good with the office work. Or going undercover near demons, for that matter. I always end up wanting to tell them what they're doing wrong. Um. Sorry. Not so good with the stopping talking either." I shut up to let them ask their questions. Two frogs down, and I'm running out of napkins. I fold the third napkin into smaller squares to make more out of it. Maybe a little pack of cranes. I've always liked folding cranes, they're quick to make and symbolic.

The three of them are silent for a moment, giving each other the little looks and gestures that make up a private conversation I can't follow. Boring.

"What do you think I ought to do next?"

Three pairs of eyes turn to me, two of the pairs startled. "Why do you ask?" says the Seraph.

"Same reason why I gave Judgment a call in the first place. Because I can't be sure." Two little cranes flanking the frogs. "I do what I think my Boss would approve of, try to help people who need the help, and if I get a job, I do that the best I can. But right now I don't have a job, I don't have any sort of supervisor to check in with, and there's no one out there telling me what I'm supposed to be doing next, when I'm not sure. I like speed, but sometimes it feels more like freefall." Cranes in the front and back of the frogs. "So I appreciate boundaries. Or at least a few hints. What do you think I should do?"

Another brief, silent consultation. "We believe you ought to enter the service of another Superior. There are many who would be willing to take you." Galen lets his voice sound more pleasant, sympathetic. "You would thus be given appropriate assignments to suit your abilities, and a system of responsibility to prevent you from straying. Lightning and the Wind seem most suited to your recent activities."

"People keep saying that." Jack wants me to ride with the Windies, tells me so every time I help them pull off a caper. Mannie's said little about it, but I can tell he'd rather have me working for his Boss, somewhere he'd consider safe. And even the Archangel of Lightning, standing before me, put out his hand and offered to be there--

I've only once cried on a Judge, and there were extenuating circumstances. I blink several times, and set the last crane down on the table. Not that Galen won't know just what I'm feeling, but I can cling to a semblance of propriety. Judges like propriety. "If the Boss wanted me working for someone else, he'd tell me. Or them, and let them tell me about the change. Can't quit just because things get hard. He wouldn't approve."

"There's wisdom in heeding the advice of others who may know more than you," says the Elohite. Galen's gone all gentle on me, which is enough of a relief I can't mind the blatant manipulation.

"True enough. I did stop trying to make coffee. But I don't think this is the same." I was glad to see them here, and now I'd like to see them go. Let me run circles through the city for a few hours, listening for something I can track down and fix. I wonder if I didn't so much want to see Judgment again as want my old triad back, but that's not happening. "Is there anything else you wanted to know?" Please don't ask about ethereals or sorcerers, please don't ask about ethereals or sorcerers...

"Do you expect to be in a situation where you might acquire dissonance in the near future?" Themistokles asks. An easy question, at least.

"Nope. Don't expect to stop moving any time soon." My cranes dance around the frogs, one bird to each finger.

They stand up all at once, another one of those signals I can't interpret. "Contact us before moving on to anywhere else," says the Seraph, and there's no polite request to this particular command. "If Eli should call you again, contact us immediately. Is this clear?"

"Perfectly. Though for immediately, there's only so much I can do; my phone doesn't ring through to anywhere in Judgment, so I usually call Maharang and asking it to deliver a message. Does Judgment even use phones in Heaven?"

I don't get an answer to this question.

I wait a polite amount of time for them to see themselves out, and then head back to the counter for another coffee refill. The owner pours me the cup, and leans forward over the counter. "So, what was all that about? Group like that doesn't fit in around here. You'd think they'd come to audit the place or something. Accountants?"

"Lawyers."

"Poor girl. For that, I'll spot you a cup of chai." She turns away to begin mixing powder and hot water before I can object. "So what did those bloodsuckers want?"

"Just to ask some questions. They're not bad people. Aggressive in pursuing the truth, maybe."

"Lawyers, pursuing the truth? Now I've heard everything. Cookie?"

The streets are quiet on the way back, both from ordinary and Symphonic noise. I nearly try to open the basement door before remembering what Zif said, and so I knock instead and wait for them to answer. Still crumbs left to lick off my fingers. When the door clicks open in front of me, there's no one on the other side. They have been busy today.

I trace voices upstairs until I hit the second floor. Down the hallway and around the corner, two people speaking.

"I just wanted to apologize," says Al. Petulant whine to his voice. We need to sic an Elohite on him, preferably someone with training in psych. This isn't an area my classes on dealing with children covered.

"I'd rather you not." Mannie's using his more clipped tones.

"Why not?"

"You see this screwdriver? If it went through your right eye, you'd be unlikely to survive, and then I'd have all manner of people lecturing me. As this would delay the work I'm doing, I'd rather avoid that situation."

That's the cheerful Bright Lilim that I know and love. I wait to see who comes stalking away first.

Looks like Al backed down before Mannie did. I'm reasonably sure Mannie wouldn't have stabbed the kid, but then he does occasionally fall into bad habits. I'm sure Zif and Nosha are working on that; doesn't mean I'd trust him to always do the right thing. I can't always count on myself to do the right thing, and I've had lots more practice.

"Hey," Al says. He stares at the floor. Sirius, trotting along behind, rolls his eyes at me as if to say, look what I have to put up with. "I'm. Um."

"We talked about it already, Al." I may be giving him an easier out than he deserves, but I'm not in the mood to go over all that again. "You had any sleep since yesterday?"

"Not yet. I'll. Uh. Go to bed." And he blushes, dashes off towards his room with speed that would do a Windy proud.

Mannie's glare only lasts for a fraction of a second, when I round the corner. "How did the inquisition go?"

"Pretty well. Triads always seem to get twitchy their first time talking to someone." I keep my hands behind my back, to avoid the temptation to poke at all the wiring and shiny bits of electronics festooning each window down this hallway.

"I believe that's just with you." Mannie isn't the sort to pause in his work while talking with me, and there's an entertaining twist to following him down to the next window instead of him following me around. "Amets and Zif are downstairs, speaking with the first Seneschal. She arrived while you were out. Nosha has been working on setting up proper monitoring systems."

"Oh? Who'd the place get?" Seneschals tend to be an odd bunch, so tied to a single place. I can't imagine how any Ofanite could handle it, except maybe in a Tether wide enough to give them space to roam. But then, I don't understand the entire concept of Ofanim of Stone either, so it might be that I have a limited appreciation for my own Choir.

"Cherub of Lightning. Her name is Orli. I will admit some, ah, surprise at how she interacts with Zif."

"Sparks flying?"

"And not in the positive sense. You would think two Cherubim would be more sociable." Mannie frowns, making a minute adjustment to some piece of wire. "I seldom dealt well with other Lilim, so it might not be such a surprise as I make it out to be. She'll want to see you."

"Sure thing. And how are you holding up?"

"I should not be. Ah. Enjoying myself, quite this much. This task is simple and repetitive, and most of these defenses are likely to be replaced in a few weeks once long-term plans have been made." Mannie tightens a screw with the pointy screwdriver of doom he mentioned earlier. "I prefer research and experimentation."

"But there's something to be said for feeling useful?" I grin. "Maybe a little dim, but I know how that goes. Have fun. And please don't stab Al. No matter how much you think he deserves it."

"As you wish."

I don't hear any shouting, so I suspect Mannie's exaggerated about the hostility between Zif and the new Seneschal. I track them down in a room just off the main hall, Amets having wandered somewhere else. "Zif? Mannie said I should drop by. Anything I can help with?"

I can't read anything but the usual neutral-cool on Zif's face. "Kai, this is Orli, Cherub of Lightning. She's our Seneschal for this Tether. Until Dreams appoints a Seneschal of their own, you may consider her to have complete authority over this place."

The second Cherub manages to do both tall and matronly in one vessel, or maybe closer to grandmotherly with the artistic gray streaks in her hair. "Ofanite of Creation," she says, as if she's confirming it to herself. "I read the reports on how you assisted here earlier. What's your current assignment?"

"Don't really have a proper assignment. I'm hanging around to help with whatever needs helping until my Boss calls or there's some other reason for me to go elsewhere. What do you need me to do?"

"You've worked with Lightning before, have you not?"

"Done some work here and there for Sparkies, sure."

"I would prefer that you not use that term, child. It trivializes our work."

"It's nothing more than a common nickname among the younger generations," Zif says evenly, and in such a perfectly casual tone that I begin to see what Mannie meant.

"I can use 'Servitors of Lightning' if you want, but it takes up a lot more syllables." I search my pockets for anything of interest and pace out the room. "But, yes, I did a few favors for Spa -- for Lightning back in my last Role, and then a quick job recently. Why do you ask?"

"Only double-checking the information I've been given. You can take orders?" I swear, Zif rolls her eyes at this.

"Don't see why not. I'm not any Swordie, but if you point me in the direction you want me to go--"

"Quite. In that case, I have an address I want you to observe. Not for too long at a time, or too obviously. Only observation, no approach, is that clear?"

I'm not about to raise my preference to stick around here near Mannie in front of this one. "Clear as quartz. Who am I watching?"

"Servitors of Nightmares. They may take an interest in this Tether, because of its connection to Dreams. If they become aware of it. We know of at least two, Djinn and Lilim, and there may be others. By observing but not approaching them, we may gain better means of defense against them."

"Um. I don't suppose the Djinn was, say, half a foot taller than me, brown hair, face like he walked into a wall, low on the sense of self-preservation?"

Orli touches fingertips to her forehead. "You encountered him already?"

"Encountered is one way to describe it, yeah. I think Nosha was going to put it in one of his reports." The Seneschal's expression veers closer to a grandmother who has just seen one of her grandchildren misbehave. "Um. Maybe they won't notice that he hasn't come back yet?"

"I have not reached this age through wishing that the enemy be stupid, child." Orli hands me a bit of paper. "There's little to be done about it now. Be more cautious than you would otherwise. Do you know the Celestial Song of Tongues?"

"No, but I have a cell phone." I pull out my now second-favorite piece of LightningTech. "What's your number?"

"I'll arrange for communication methods," Zif says, and escorts me out of the room. "You don't need to worry about her criticism," she adds, once we're further out of the way. "She's merely concerned for the health of this strange Tether."

"And wasn't expecting to get saddled with an Ofanite of Creation."

"Mm. You're not a burden, Kai. Only not the sort of angel she's accustomed to directing." She enters a new set of numbers into my phone. "Please be careful."

"I know, I know. Mannie gets unreasonable every time I get into a little more trouble than I can handle."

"You may have heard the saying, fools rush in where angels fear to tread." Zif gives my phone back. "I haven't yet seen a place where you fear to tread. A little less rushing might be advisable."

"Can't stop rushing, Zif. It's what I do." I grin, and punch in the code at the basement door. "But I'll try not to do anything rash unless it seems necessary, and not just a good idea."

"How reassuring that isn't." She pulls the door open for me, and passes me a small notebook, and a pen. "Orli is something of a traditionalist. She'll expect a report. You might want to take notes."

I stuff both away in my jeans pockets. "More Mannie's department than mine, but I'll do my best."

"Of course."

I am not talented at waiting for the unknown.

A week since the damned little Impudite starting spreading her messages, and no whisper of Technology at our doors. Zif and Orli manage serenity when not in close contact, and aside from reworking details of the devices the other installed, have kept the peace. Nosha has the sense to stay out of their way, adding its improvements quietly in the background. Amets follows the Dreams Seneschal around like an eager puppy until he's sent outdoors to spend time with the local children. The Mercurian Blandine chose to send is so sweet I'd think her a Servitor of Flowers, and has blessedly left security arrangements entirely to us Sparkies. Kai's been kept busy with errands and observation, leaving us little time to talk. I shouldn't be surprised; Earth duty isn't a vacation.

My phone rings as I'm working up my weekly report. Not Kai by the caller ID, but someone from upstairs. "Hello?"

"Mannie! I tracked down the Creationer who holds the deed."

I kick my feet off the desk and stand up. "That's excellent news, Maharang. Have you told Zif?"

"Sent her an email, yup yup. I wish I could be down there with all of you. I've only been to Earth the once, when I wasn't supposed to. Has anything exciting happened?"

"Not especially." I used to appreciate peace and quiet, a chance to work on my projects without interruption. This is less peace and quiet and more the calm before the storm; I've begun wishing the storm would hit so that we can get it over with. The longer Hari has to plan before he charges in here, the more dangerous he'll be. "And you?"

"It was great! I got inquisited! I mean, they weren't proper Judges, only relievers, and it was because I was over where they play, except it's an awfully dull play in my opinion. But they asked me all sorts of questions! What's dissonance like? I've never had any."

"Unpleasant." All the Symphony strung with off-key chords, breaking down my vision until I can't see what people Need. "Have you tried that booth where they let you wear headphones that echo everything you say back to you a second afterwards?"

"Oo, yes. It was awful. All my words mixed up because I could hear myself saying them after I was trying to do a different part of the sentence. Dissonance feels like that? No wonder it's bad."

"About like that. What were you doing near the Council Spires?" I edit out a few graceless comments in my report about inter-Word politics, and send it off.

"I was going to ask them if I could install a better communications system there. They keep sending messages. On paper! Or by asking someone to deliver the words! It's inefficient. If they'll use recording crystals, why won't they put in an intercom system? But the relievers said it worked for them, so I guess that's okay. Still, if they gave every Judge a phone, that would make things so much better." The reliever swings between indignant and puzzled. "Do you know when you're going to be back in the office?"

"Not yet. Keeping yourself occupied?"

"Yup yup. Classes and research and games. I got the coffee cup warmer I made for you small enough that it doesn't take up the whole desk anymore, and Teresa says if I can't get it cup-sized she'll give me a few hints. But I think I can work it out myself. How's Kai?"

"Keeping busy. Annoyed that he's not allowed to beat anything up of late."

"Isn't Kai's current vessel female?"

"Ah. Right. She."

"Gender is weird. How do humans deal with having one on all the time, and no choice in which one they got?"

"Practice, I suppose. It's a little more complicated than that." All the panels in this room -- more a large closet -- that we converted into the security monitoring station glow reassuringly blue at me. Sooner or later the storm will break.

"So why did you end up picking male, when most Lilim choose female? The report about celestials and gender said, quote, Lilim, Impudites, and Mercurians are the most likely to identify strongly with a single gender." There's a clatter in the background. "Oops, sorry. But it didn't break!"

I choose peace of mind over more information and don't ask what Maharang managed to do even in gravity-optional Heaven. "I... suppose I imprinted, very early."

"Like the stuff in zoology about ducklings that will follow a dog around if it's the first thing they see?"

"Ah. Approximately. When I was first made, the world was... terrifying and strange. And my Mother seemed terribly cold and... unfair." I sit on the edge of the desk, hoping Maharang won't get any strange ideas from the story. "He was -- Vapula was kind. Encouraging. Told me that I could do great things, working for him. I would have done anything for him."

Maharang hums quietly for a moment, the way it does when it's been presented with some strange piece of information its tiny mind can't quite grasp. "But he's a Demon Prince."

"Yes."

"They're not nice! They're awful!"

"Yes." I would feel more at ease explaining this in person, with charts and footnotes to back me up. "But they're also clever, and they can pretend to be nice if it suits them."

"That's not fair. The bad guys shouldn't be able to be sneaky too." Back to righteous indignation. Poor little reliever, discovering that the world downstairs doesn't work as it does in Heaven.

"If they played fair, they wouldn't be--" One of the blue lights flicks to green. Nothing worth an alarm, but sub-optimal power flow. "I need to go check on a security issue, Maharang. If you're confused, talk to an Elohite who isn't busy."

"Okay, I'll do that. Have fun!"

The light flips back to blue before I've finished tucking away my phone. One of the security cameras on the rooftop door, and there's enough distance between generator and that point that it might only be a power flicker. But it's either check up on the flash or ask Orli what she'd like me to do next, so upstairs it is.

Sirius lounges on the top of the stairs to the second floor. "Evening, Mannie. Something happening?"

"Probably not. A power flicker upstairs." I still don't trust this ethereal hound, but it's difficult to dislike someone who thoroughly agrees with me on several issues.

He gets to his feet. "Do you mind if I go with you?"

"You're not needed to fetch tools?" He doesn't provide the same comfort as another angel would, but I appreciate the company. This building is too large for so few people, especially when several are avoiding each other.

"He's taking a nap. Irregular sleeping hours of late, that can't be good for him." Sirius lets out a tiny apologetic woof. "And I regenerate Essence by guarding against danger to the one I serve. My motivations are not entirely selfless."

"I can't call that sort of Rite entirely selfish, either." The elevator works again, but would prove an unnecessary drain on the generator; we walk up to the sixth floor, stair by stair.

"We ethereals are a mixed bag, Mannie. More like the humans who dream us up than any of you celestials. I can't claim any particular holiness, but neither am I damned." Sirius pauses at the top of a staircase to scratch behind one ear. "My old master theorized that we gave up our destinies in exchange for not being given fates. But it's only a theory."

I hadn't previously considered theological debates among ethereals; my bargains and encounters with them have always tended towards the practica. "If you're curious, I'd recommend asking a Servitor of Destiny. They're more likely to know than anyone else. Though I'm afraid I don't know how they react to ethereals on Earth."

"There aren't many angels who wouldn't destroy my vessel for daring to walk this Earth. I don't intend to take any chances." The hound sighs. "I suspect I'll be vessel-killed sooner or later. Such things approach inevitability as angels converge. But I shall miss this place. Earth has such peculiar stability to it."

"Compared to the Marches, everywhere has a peculiar stability." We reach the door to the roof, and I begin checking the control panels. Everything seems to be in order. "How does the machine progress?"

"In a satisfactory manner, according to Al. Nosha tells me the scale being used will allow the entire replica to be built inside the room downstairs without altering the ceiling, which is some relief."

"Good." The sooner the brat finishes his toy model of that great machine, the sooner we can shuffle him off to a therapist. Somewhere else. "It all checks out. Must have been a minor power surge." I turn back downstairs.

And there's the tiniest click of the door behind me opening.

"Mannie!" Powerful arms wrap around me, and I squeak in an undignified manner. "Great to see you." Jack lets go of me, grinning wildly. "You have a great security system here."

Not a single alarm going off. "How did you possibly--"

"Hey, don't thank me, I do it for free! Consider it a complimentary service of the Wind. I'll list all the flaws later. Most of them, anyway. Would you believe it took me an hour and a half to get that door open without setting anything off?"

I'm sure both Seneschals will be thrilled by a pack of Windies stopping in. "Why are you--"

"Later, later. Let's see, you've already met Sharon." The human waves to me from the other side of the door. "And that's Nip, Seraph of the Wind and best damn pickpocket I've ever met, accounting for age. Great potential. Nobody's going to mind if we crash here for a few days, right?"

The three of them pour down the stairs before I can get a sentence in edgewise. "Weird dog," says Sharon, as she passes. "Hey, is Kai around?"

"Out, right now. She'll be back." Sirius blinks up at me. I shrug, lock the door, and follow them downstairs. "Are you--"

"Hey, you wired all the windows! See, Nip, this is why I said we shouldn't try the windows. Doors are designed to let people in and out, so there's always a way through, even if it's hedged off and complicated. Windows, no such promise. Good principle to remember."

Sharon flashes me a sympathetic smile as the two Windies run down the hallway to exclaim over our security. "They do that," she says. "Jack will want to tell the story, but we ran into a little trouble we had trouble shaking. This is the nearest Tether we knew of. It's stabilized now, right? We've been careful about any disturbance since we hit city limits, just in case."

"Stabilized, yes. What sort of trouble?"

"Um. Trouble?" She's no good at concealing guilty expressions yet. "I'll let Jack explain."

I follow the three of them, watching to make sure nothing is broken or obviously swiped. Not that I'd be able to tell if either of the two Windies were serious about causing havoc. "Sirius, please get... ah. The first Seneschal you run into." I would dearly like to know what's in the bulging satchel the Wind-Seraph carries. Once the ethereal spirit has loped away, I pull out my phone.

"Hello?"

"Kai? Your Windy friends just arrived. Please get back here and keep them from destroying anything important."

"They stopped by? Great! I'll be back as soon as I get through the checkout line. Who'd guess there'd be so many people in a hardware store half an hour before it closes?"

"Who, indeed." I don't like the way Nip opens doors to peer inside.

Sirius either found the Dreams Seneschal first, or chose to look specifically for her; I would believe either. Tikva steps in the path of the pack, and offers a gracious nod. "Welcome to this place. How may we help you?"

Jack stops short, and turns on a charming smile he used to pull on any leery human we encountered during that strange road trip. If I didn't know better, I'd think him more Impudite than Mercurian, sometimes. "We could use a place to crash for a night or three. You don't mind, right?"

"Certainly not," Tikva says. "So long as you're willing to speak with Orli and me about why you're here, and who might be pursuing you." She smiles at Nip. "Seraph? In that case, I'd like you tell us this story."

"Why doesn't anybody want to hear me tell the stories?" Jack complains, but follows Tikva meekly enough. "I tell great stories."

"Because you get vague at the places where you don't want to let on that we messed up or did something the listener would get annoyed at," Sharon says. She walks with one of her arms looped in his.

I end up in Orli's office with both Seneschals, all three Windies, and Sirius listening at the door. "Explain," Orli says, drumming her fingers on the desk.

Jack and Nip exchange glances. "Well," says Jack, "it's fairly simple--"

"Not from you. The Seraph."

"Oh." It shouldn't please me as much as it does to see Jack wince at this command. "Fine, Nip, you tell the story."

Her vessel looks younger than any other in the room at the moment, a wild-eyed teenager in ragged clothing. Not the style I would expect on a Seraph, but the Wind endeavors to break out of patterns. Even so her vessel has a serpentine touch to how it moves. "I was distracting a receptionist with conversation," she says, "while Jack and Sharon were otherwise occupied. I received a Truth deeper than that human knew about the nature of her employers and the building." She drops her satchel on Orli's desk, scattering the papers neatly arranged there. "Naturally, we decided to rob the place."

"I thought they had insufficient security," says Jack, arms crossed. "Turns out I was wrong. Oops."

Orli picks up the satchel gingerly, the way she might an unstable piece of VapuTech. (But I repeat myself.) "What was the nature of this place?"

"Game Tether," says Nip. "We can't translate anything in those files; they're written in what appears to be Helltongue. They might be useful, or might not. We'd like to turn them over to you for analysis, in return for a few days' stay here."

"Out of the question." Orli shoves the bag back at Nip. "We are not a hiding place for Servitors of the Wind in over their heads. If you wish to ascend to Heaven, that much I can tolerate. But not drawing the Game down on this place."

"Um," says Sharon, and stares at the floor. "There's this bit that's more or less my fault--"

"It's not your fault you got Djinned," says Jack. "But, yeah, that's the problem. Sharon's picked up a Stalker, and we can't count on outrunning them until that wears off."

"I didn't mean to--"

"Sharon! Still not your fault." Jack puts one arm around her. "We could drop the notes and run, and leave her here for protection, but that's still pulling the Game in your direction. Look, we wouldn't have come here, but the next nearest Tether we know of is for Judgment, and I don't have time to start listing the problems involved in a bunch of us trying to hide out from the Game there. If you have a better idea, I'd love to hear it."

"It isn't our responsibility to cover for your mistakes, child." Orli begins sorting the papers on her desk back into order.

Kai bursts into the room, darts past me to press hugs on each of the Windies in turn, along with the human. "So good to see you! What sort of trouble have you been up to lately?"

"Sharon got made a proper Soldier of God," Jack says.

"Congratulations!"

"And then we raided a Game Tether--"

"Without me? You could have given me a call."

"--except now Sharon's all Djinned and we have the Game after us and the Seneschal doesn't want us hanging around here."

"Okay, less good." Kai spins away from them to give Orli a look more appropriate for a hopeful reliever than a grown angel. "Why not?"

"I scarcely need to explain the dangers of a direct attack by such powers. This Tether serves the Archangel of Lightning, and Dreams as well."

"All places that the eye of heaven visits are to a wise man ports and happy havens." I can't identify the quote, though I could guess the author. "You don't think that the security system Lightning installed is good enough?"

"Our security system is--" Orli frowns at the Windys. "Sufficient for ordinary incursions."

"And there's plenty of room. Two Seneschals. Backup standing by to be called in. You really think this place can't handle a few Gamesters trying to retrieve some stolen goods?"

"There are other powers at work here, child!" And... of course she would worry for the safety of this place. The Tether is as much her attuned as I am Zif's.

"Well, of course." Kai begins ticking names off on her fingers. "Technology, Nightmares, we've got potential for Fate to show up because of Al's hobby, Sirius's old master could return, the Game will try to jump Mannie if they know he's on Earth anyway, and any pack of demons from Baal's to Valefor's would earn brownie points with their Superiors for taking out an angelic Tether. It's a good thing we work for Heaven, or there'd be a few names on our own side to consider too."

"You only want an enemy you know is coming, so that you can hit them first," I murmur.

"Well, that too. I'm not much fond of the Game." Kai gives herself a quick shake, as if she's throwing off an unpleasant memory. "If they're going to try to full-frontal a Tether, they deserve whatever that gets them."

"Let them stay," says Tikva. No more than that.

Orli sighs. "I find myself argued to distraction in my own Tether. Very well, they may stay their three days. But I'll be requesting assistance from both Servitors of the Wind on various projects, and I expect full cooperation. No doubt there's some task even the Soldier might perform."

"We'll be on our best behavior," says Jack, with a smile I trust less than Sirius.

Kai pokes him in the ribs. "Your best behavior involves running off with anything that isn't nailed down, laughing like a maniac. How about promising to be on polite behavior?"

"Fine, polite behavior. Think we can manage that for three days?"

"Maybe," says Nip. This is not a reassuring statement, coming from a Seraph.

"Don't worry, I'll keep them in line." Sharon beams up at the Mercurian behind her. "Someone has to."

I escape from Orli's office with only one new task and a comment about turning in my reports done in crayon. I would have explained what happened to the pen, but it didn't seem like the time to go into detail, especially the part in the sewers. So grateful that they finally got multiple bathrooms up and running again; being back on city water makes this place more pleasant.

Sharon ambushes me in the hallway. "Inventory!" She waves a notebook in my face. "Two. Days. Of inventory! I finished this morning and brought that Cherub the list, and she told me to go through everything again and note down location and condition for every. Single. Item. I will be so glad when we get out of here."

"Lightning doesn't always get along so well with humans," I say. "Sorry about that. At least you're not scrubbing floors?" I can only imagine that Jack deeply and truly cares about Sharon's well-being if he's putting up with the tasks Orli's been giving him. Knowing him, he's also setting up a few surprises that won't appear until long after he's gone.

"Hey, it's not all bad. Tikva has been teaching me the Song of Healing. Right now I can only make it work if I sing, dance, and get really lucky, but she says that'll improve with time and practice." She scratches the back of her neck, and sighs. "I like Dreams. Not so much with the Lightning. No offense, but they're annoying. Nosha aside, they all treat me like I'm five years old. Okay, so Amets does too, so maybe it's not just the Word. I didn't realize so many angels would be like that. Is it because they have more Forces than I do?"

"Not so much that. More that they're older, and used to doing things their own way." We pass the control closet, where Zif and Mannie are bent over panels doing Sparkies-know-what. Between Orli's jobs for me and Mannie's inherent tendency to work himself half to death, I still haven't had a chance to drag him off to one of the recently mopped rooms upstairs. But then, considering that Jack and Nip did the mopping, maybe I don't want to spend time in those rooms until someone's checked them for traps. "And we're -- it's a focus thing. Humans are all over the map, even in one individual. Between Word and Choir, we get all wrapped and ribboned in these essential concepts that make us up. It's easy for celestials to see the lack of focus as a weakness, and not realize how useful the versatility can be. Like a magnifying glass versus a prism."

"Huh. If you say so. Still makes me feel... useless. Like I can't do anything important."

I stop to face her. "Don't ever think that. Humans are the most important part of this War, no matter what anyone else says or implies."

"That's what Jack tells me, but... Come on. Mercurian. Of course he thinks humans are great. It's in the job description."

"Small service is true service while it lasts. Of humblest friends, bright creature, scorn not one; the daisy, by the shadow that it casts, protects the lingering dew drop from the sun."

"Shakespeare?"

"Wordsworth. You going to be okay?"

"I think so. My life's a bundle of chaos right now, but Jack and Nip would tell me that's a good thing." Sirius trots by us, clutching a tool belt in his jaws. "Hey, how goes the machine?"

The ethereal wags his tail, but doesn't attempt to answer.

Sharon sighs. "Okay, back to inventory. I'm not going to give her any reason to complain. Be careful while you're out, and wreak some havoc on the behalf of us poor souls stuck on chores, will you?"

"I'll give it a try."

The store I need to visit won't open for another hour, and a touch against the Symphony tells me I can make it there in under ten minutes, even allowing for morning traffic. I do a circuit of the first floor, and find Amets and Nosha discussing infiltration of the local juvenile population. "I don't suppose you have a younger back-up vessel?" Amets asks me.

"No, though if you give me a few days I could shift the age on this one down ten years. What's up?"

"Rumors," says Nosha. She's in her little girl vessel, wearing unbearably cute overalls with a heart-shape pocket on the chest. Trust an Elohite to know how to pull off the adorable urchin look. "Specifically, a set of rumors about nefarious goings-on connected to this building. We need to make public announcements about the planned public face for this facility soon, if only to address these fears before they can spread."

"I believe Nightmares is targeting perception of our new Tether while it's still young and growing," Amets explains. His accent is also adorable, but I wouldn't dare tell him that. "At the moment the fear I'm hearing tends more towards childhood ghost stories than real terror, but the rumors are sliding darker. I've asked Nosha to help me identify who's frightened, and who might be the source."

"Vector targeting can be difficult among children," Nosha says. She takes my hands, and lets me spin her around in circles until she's giggling. "But! I intend to stomp this meme into the ground before it can get too far." The Elohite lets go of my hands, and staggers away from the momentum. "Want to help? You have experience with kids."

"Sure. I'll run the idea by Orli first--"

"Tikva would be the better choice to ask," Amets says. He stares at Nosha the way many do when they see an Elohite so cheerful. "Orli knows how to protect the physical aspects of this Tether, but she seems less suited to deal with the subtle aspects of its nature."

Oh, Heavenly politics. I could do without. "Good thing both of them are here, isn't it?"

"I suppose so." Amets frowns at me. "Can I speak to you privately, Kai?"

"Sure." We grab an empty rooms on the first floor; not so many as there used to be, with people claiming them as offices, storage rooms for projects, or whatever else suits their fancy. There's a freedom and satisfaction in dealing with a building so long abandoned, filling it with purpose again. "What is it?"

"Al. He dreams about you."

"Hardly a shock, that. You've been guarding his dreams?"

"Yes. Though it can be challenging, with his irregular sleep schedule. Why he can't keep a regular bedtime..." The Malakite shakes his head. "Never mind. But, yes, you've been a regular feature in his dreams. In various aspects. What I'd like to ask is that you stay here until he finishes what he's building."

"Any particular reason?" There's an old mirror here, reflecting the two of us back at me. I run a finger through the grime that makes the image so fuzzy. One clear line of vision staring back at me, surrounded by haze. I've spent decades on Earth, and I still can't understand what it is to be an ordinary human, Symphony-deaf and half-blind to the wonders of this world. And yet all of Creation shudders, concentrates, sends beacons to Heaven and Hell on their hopes and fears.

"To give him hope and comfort. He fears that he's lost the first real friend he made, through his own fault. And because I'd rather his dreams center on you than try to return to the Domain of that machine. I don't know what lurks in the center of that place, but even dead godlings can leave behind dangerous servants." Amets tugs at his shirt. "Zif has been timing it. Seventeen seconds a day, it forks back to that Domain as well as Heaven. The Domain seemed deserted until we found it, but I don't trust that."

"I wasn't planning on heading out yet anyway." Not unless the Boss decides to call, and -- once in decades? No, he's not going to call again soon.

"Thank you, Kai." The Malakite takes my hand. "I remember when the Halls of Creation were filled with residents of Heaven, and that your Archangel gave his support to my Lady. While I find your choice of friends strange, you've been nothing but helpful here. Should you need any assistance from me until Eli returns to Heaven, only let me know."

"Thank you."

"And now," Amets says, letting go to pull down on his shirt, "I need to speak with local children. I'm ready to invent a fictional girlfriend in London to whom I regularly write letters, if only to dissuade Maritza. Isn't she a bit young to be so... aggressive?"

"Say you email your girlfriend, and met her online. They'll never believe you otherwise."

"I'll trust your more recent experience."

I double-back to check on Al, and run into the same triad I'd seen earlier. So that's who dropped down the Tether a few minutes ago. "Morning! What's up?"

"A routine investigation," says the Elohite. He offers me a polite, reassuring smile. "It's unlikely to be serious. We're here to speak with the Tether staff. Who's currently here?"

"Let's see." I count off names by Word. "Amets, Tikva, Mannie, Orli, Zif, Nosha, Jack, Nip, Sharon, me."

"Three of those names don't appear in our files," Galen says. "Newly assigned Tether staff?"

"No, Windies staying here for a few days. Because of -- um. Stuff."

"Stuff?" The Seraph peers down at me.

"Windy stuff. Um. There's someone I was meaning to talk with, catch you later!" I escape down the hallway before they can object, and they're distracted enough to not call after me. Wish I could come up with a creative, clever, and technically true response to give the triad, but on-the-spot excuses, like cooking, are an area of creativity I've never mastered.

Al looks down when I enter. He stands on a stepladder we dug out of a closet, adjusting a set of gears near the top of his machine. Sirius snoozes, or produces a good imitation of sleep, down below. "What was that noise?"

"A few new people showing up."

"Place is turning into a regular hotel." He tightens a bolt carefully, green aura reflecting off the metal. He's made as much progress since the Sparkies took over as he did in all the months before, now that parts and meals are supplied to him. "And they're all waiting on me. What's going to happen when I finish?"

"I don't know, Al. Nobody's going to kick you out, that's for sure." No matter what Mannie's preferences may be. "What do you want to do, when this is finished?"

"Don't know. Something else." He climbs down a few steps to begin adding another piece. "When I first started, I thought I'd be finding my father. Now... I'm not sure why I keep working on it. But it matters. It has to. Even if I don't know how." Al sits on a step of the ladder. "Will you disappear when it's finished?"

"Not immediately. But eventually, yes. I don't think staying here is my job." I can run a thousand errands, but it won't ever be the same as when I taught dancing, or rode with the Windies.

"Off to hunt demons." He scratches behind a horn. "If you're a demon-hunter, why are you still here?"

"Sometimes if you wait in the right place, the demons come to you. Saves the trouble of tracking them down. Besides. I want to make sure you're doing okay."

"Why?" He throws his hands in the air. "Why do you care? Why don't you hate me?"

"I have better ways to spend my time than being angry over your mistakes, Al." I leave my pacing to sit beside him on the stepladder, though the two of us barely fit on the same step. "You know better now, don't you?"

"I knew better then." He turns a wrench around again and again in his hands. "And that still didn't stop me. How the hell do I make up for something like that?"

"You don't." A startled jerk at this, and I think he didn't take it quite the way I meant it. "Listen, Al. You've done things you shouldn't have. What are you going to do next?"

"The right things. I hope." He lets the wrench fall to the floor with a clang. "I can try. But it doesn't make up for--"

"Stop. I'm not Judgment, and I'm no -- I'm not the sort to go on about making fair trades or restitution. What you do now is the best you can, every single day."

"And that makes it better?"

"You don't do the right thing to make up for the past. You do the right thing because it's right."

"I'm not so good with moral absolutes, Kai."

"Okay, then." I drop back to the floor, spin in front of him. "Let me put it this way. I have friends who did things far worse than you've ever even dreamed of, for longer than you've lived. Most of their crimes so long gone that there is no way for them to ever make up for it."

"Mannie?" I blink at him, and Al shrugs. "It's the way -- he works like he's trying to make up for things, sometimes. I can identify. And I've heard enough talk about whether or not his old coworkers might show up--"

The kid stops, and stares at me. "Wait one fucking minute. When you're talking about having demons show up here -- he was working with demons? And the way he--"

It's like watching all the ragged performance scenes come together for the final performance, behind his eyes. "He used to be a demon. Which makes him -- and you--" Sirius opens his eyes, down in the depths of the machine.

"Yeah."

"I can't believe I -- and you--" Al clutches his head, jerks away one hand as it hits the sharper point of a horn. "Could I have screwed this up any worse if I tried?"

"Sure, but it's not worth dwelling on that." Distant raised voices, outside the doors. Oddly, one of the voices sounds like Tikva. I would have read that Mercurian as more likely to do a strip-tease than to shout. "That sounds like trouble, if the kind without explosions. I'd better run. Um. You might want to stick around in here with Sirius for a while."

"Who did show up?"

"Call it internal security." Sirius twitches as I say this, and creeps backwards to a darker corner of the machine.

"...oh, fuck." His boggling turns into cringing guilt. "What do they want?"

"Discover the truth, punish the guilty, keep the wavering on the path of righteousness. Standard stuff. Don't go anywhere for a while, okay?"

I slip out the door before he can answer, and make sure it latches behind me. Judgment can break down a door as well as the next Word if they have a mind to do so, but they're not Windies to rattle every doorknob.

Definitely Tikva shouting. I track down the noise to where she's facing off with all three members of the triad. "This is not your concern." Orli, for her part, only stands next to her, wearing an icy-cool expression of being above all of this.

"Your pardon, Seneschal," says Galen, "but this is our concern. To let sorcerers and ethereals run amok on Earth--"

"Is none of your concern, when I have the situation well in hand!" Tikva's nearly trembling with anger. "You'd bring down heedless destruction on a Tether of my Lady because these creatures fall into categories you've declared verboten, with no further reason or cause."

"We may judge the sorcerer's actions as they stand," says Galen, "but ethereals are not permitted on Earth to trouble the affairs of mortals, regardless of their intentions."

"You'd make Judgment the end of all Words," snarls Tikva. "And press your singular view across all of creation. How is this just?"

"You would question the judgment of the Most Just?" The Seraph sounds horrified. Themistokles didn't strike me as the kind to take that well.

"If your Lord was so much in the dark regarding what Lucifer was doing before the Fall, then I see no reason whatsoever to trust you to see the light of truth about this situation." Orli doesn't bother to raise her voice when she says that.

"If you claim that there was any sort of precedent for the Fall, then we see no reason to trust your judgment. You hardly anticipated the Fall, either." His words have all the hiss to them of an angry Seraph, and Shamira appears positively furious. Galen's face is so blank only an Elohite could manage it.

I start walking backwards. This cannot end well.

Jack strides around the corner, mop in hand. "Look, I finished the entire sixth floor, and there are certain types of floors that are not meant to sparkle, so I think we ought to call it a--" He stops a few steps ahead of me, assesses the situation, and turns around. "I'll go work on that a while longer. Probably haven't been scrubbing hard enough."

"Stop right there, Jack," says Orli, and the Mercurian pauses mid-step.

The triad detaches from the Seneschals to converge on Jack. "You're dissonant," says the Elohite. "Why?"

"It's only a little bit of dissonance," Jack says, holding the mop in front of him like a shield. "It's entirely unfair that mummies should seem so very much like demons."

"And you're at this Tether to work it off?" asks Galen.

Jack gives me a quick, desperate "Come up with a distraction" look. "Don't you think that would be a good idea?"

"That isn't an answer." The Seraph wears outrage like a new jacket, and doesn't seem inclined to take it off. "What brought you here?"

"A series of cars, including a cute little yellow Mustang, depending on how far back you want to go." Jack passes me the mop. "Kai, want to lend me a hand upstairs?"

I pass it back. "I need to get to the hardware store."

"It doesn't open for another half hour!" Mop in my hands.

"Well, the last time I got the hardware store early I ran into a demon. Maybe it'll happen again." I shove the mop back at him.

"In which case you'd need backup. I'll go with you." He flashes his most charming smile at the triad. "Places to go, evil to fight, you know how it goes."

"Was there anyone in this entire Tether," asks the Seraph, teeth gritting, "who was not aware of the sorcerer and ethereals residing here?"

"What, Al's a sorcerer? That would explain the ethereals running around," Jack says. "I thought that was just, you know, something to do with Dreams."

For once, a triad's turning its full attention to me, and I'd really like to be anywhere else. "You didn't mention any of these things during your interview," says Galen, ever so mildly.

"You didn't ask." That's not an answer they're going to be happy with. "And my Boss asked me to watch out for this Tether. I can't do that if people are jumping in and slaying things without checking first. I figured the Seneschals would know how to handle reporting these things."

"It is not your place to decide what to report and what to keep secret," says Themistokles. Jack edges away from me and towards the stairs while the triad's not looking at him. Great show of support, Jack. "You have been always cooperative before, by all reports. Why would you change this now?"

"This is the first time my Boss gave me a new job since he first sent me down to Earth. I didn't want to screw it up." Not that getting an entire triad staring at me like this suggests that I'm doing well on that count. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't be second-guessing you like that."

A set of gestures between the three of them. "Kai," says the Elohite, "you are now a subject of inquiry. Don't leave this Tether without the permission of--" He pauses, and frowns. "Without the permission of any of us, or another Servitor of Judgment. Is this is clear?"

"Yeah." Screwed up, I went and did it all wrong again. I've been running with Windies for too long if I thought it was a good idea to deliberately avoid talking to Judges about things. "Um. Can I go to the hardware store, though? I have a shopping list." One foot to another, I'm jittering here because I want to run, be somewhere else, out of this place and out of this city. Definitely been spending too much time with Windys.

Shamira touches me, and nods. Permission enough.

"Everyone?" asks Galen quietly, as I run for the basement stairs.

"We ought to," says the Cherub, "but this will wreak havoc with our schedule."

Down in the basement, Zif looks up, her arms elbow-deep in the innards of a machine. "There was shouting."

"Triad's putting everyone in the Tether under investigation, both Seneschals look ready to rip someone's head off, Jack picked up dissonance since I last saw him which is a little worrisome because that's twice in the last six months he's done that, and... that's pretty much it. You missed the part where Orli insulted the Archangel Dominic and his entire organization in a single sentence."

"I see." She pulls out one hand to tap at the controls on the panel.

"You don't seem too worried."

"Judgment is happy to put people under investigation for smaller things than this. Our Boss has not sent any criticism of our choices in response to our reports. Consequently," she says, and rips out a handful of wires, "I see no reason to worry. And it may do Mannie some good to experience this process without any harm coming to him. Was there something you needed?"

A few hours and a good friend in a private room. To get out of this place and not come back. My Boss back in Heaven, all the misunderstandings swept away. "Not really."

Clattering on the stairs as I reach for the door, and why would Shamira be running like--

I hit the ground rolling and scramble back to my feet because that's what I do, ears ringing from noise and Symphony alike, brain buzzing at that sound, Zif and Shamira both staggered by the blast, can't identify any of the figures coming in through the hole where that door used to be but who needs identification? I'm not the sort to keep trophies, but one demon's watch is as good as the next. Dodge a half-casual swipe from the nearest one, they must think I'm still as mind-boggled as the Cherubim, and he gets watchband to the face.

Another explosion, so far away it must be stories up, though I can't hear any disturbance one way or another with this buzzing in my ears, can barely hear myself think through alarms that only half distinguish themselves from the ringing in my ears. I'm occupying one demon well enough with my watch against his knife, but the others don't slow down to engage anyone here.

A slash that barely hits me, cuts deep enough for all that. I swap hands on the watch; my right arm doesn't want to play along. "Is it worth asking which group you're with? So we can cross that one off the list."

Okay, that stab means no.

This demon's wearing a sturdy vessel, my attacks making less damage than I'm used to against it. Impassive face, doesn't seem half worried.

Nosha and Amets spill into the room, the Elohite still in its child vessel. A moment's assessment, then Nosha runs for the stairs. Amets holds out his hand, a shining sword too large for his vessel snapping into existence. I don't know the language he shouts in, but whatever battle cry he's chosen impresses me not so much as the way he swings that sword.

Sword and watch against one knife, it's hardly a fair fight. Not that either of us minds. I tangle the demon's feet with my own, bring him crashing down where Amets can slash from above. Zif runs past, and Godspeed to her, but we're occupied.

Bloody demon bits finally between us, took longer than I'd like, and he slashed Amets's leg once before going down. The Malakite holds his sword at the ready, checks the basement for any signs of lurking demons. "Who are they?"

"They didn't do introductions. Not Tech, I think." Upstairs with Amets close on my heels, the Judgment Cherub has vanished during our bit of havoc. "Nightmares, Game, someone else entirely..."

"Too mundane to be Nightmares." We pause at the doorway, seeing blood spatters in the hallway but no sign of fighting. Plenty of sounds, though. "Strength and hope, Kai."

"Speed be with you." We part ways, running off in either direction of the hall.

Orli stands halfway up the first flight of stairs, hazy green of Ethereal Shields flickering about her. There's blood on her hands, and she's doing something that requires most of her attention. "Upstairs," she says, though she's moving down. And -- right. Al's going to need someone to protect him, and who better than a Cherub Seneschal? I take the stairs in three strides.

So much noise I can't tell one piece of it from another, shouts and Songs and gunshots, though I don't know who's doing the shooting. Didn't think anyone would be so stupid as to jump the entire Tether full-out. Upstairs, always upstairs, I think more of the noise comes from there than elsewhere.

Fourth floor I duck on the entrance, find myself rewarded with a bullet's whine overhead. Quick head-down roll while this one's still aiming high, one slam into her kneecap leaves her yelping and in a backwards fall that lets me slam a foot onto her other knee.

Then it's time to try not to fall back with the blood filling my mouth, can't stand Calabim with their no-speed destruction. She can't stand, but that's not about to stop that resonance, so I drop a foot onto the hand with the gun, a knee into her chest, and do my best to remove this vessel from her possession.

The Calabite snarls in Helltongue, rips the watch from my hand. I can feel my connection dissolving as it goes, nothing more than overpriced metal now. Fine, I can play that way. My right arm might not be so happy about serious activity right now, but I can still pull the gun out of her smashed hand.

And three bullets in the face are enough to put down just about anyone.

At the stairs to the fifth floor, I nearly run into Sharon coming down. She yelps, and grabs my hand as she goes by. "Downstairs! Downstairs!"

Ordinarily I'd argue or go to smack whatever she was running from, except that Nip's a half-second behind her, helter-skelter down the hallway. "Duck!"

The three of us hit the ground, and searing air hits me as flames scorch overhead. Roll back on my feet, find a way to jump this demon from the front when he's holding a weapon pointed at me--

The demon collapses down the stairs, and Jack slams the mop down on him again. "I just! Finished! That floor!" Far be it from me to let the Windies have all the fun; I get there in time to slam the Vapulan in the face with the gun I'm holding, and he shrieks, goes down between us.

Jack blinks at me, presses one hand against his side where blood drips down his shirt. "You... You could have just shot him, Kai."

Oh. Right. Guns mean bullets mean ranged attacks. "Sorry?"

"No matter." He puts one hand against the wall. "The top floor is full of Vapulans--"

"And we seem to have -- I don't know who downstairs, but another group, I think." I recover my watch from the Calabite on the floor. "But we're winning. What's going on? Straight-on Tether attacks usually involve... I don't know. More explosives."

"A distraction?" Nip asks. She picks up the weapon that demon on the stairs had been carrying, and begins searching it for controls. "But if so, what from?"

"Don't know, not time to figure it out. Demons to smack around." Jack grins. "Back upstairs?"

This time, I make it halfway up the stairs before I'm nearly run over by Zif and Nosha, running down. "She's driving," Zif says, and Nosha tosses me a set of keys that I've caught before I'm sure what's going on.

"Wait, where?" I'm not about to pass up a chance to drive, especially if it's Nosha's car, double-especially if they're suggesting vehicular manslaughter -- well, demonslaughter -- but the Windies are already disappearing upstairs, and blood-covered Nosha with a burn along her face pulls me downstairs.

"Getting Mannie," Zif tells me, on the third floor.

"We'll take my car," says Nosha, on the second. "But you drive."

Second floor, we pass by Tikva and someone else, a dense cloud of smoke around them. The Seneschal seems to have the situation under control, which is good, because I have no idea what's going on. "Where is he?"

"In the car!" Zif sweeps Nosha up into her arms, as the Elohite begins to fall behind.

"He's in the car?"

"No, we'll talk in the car!"

First floor, choked with acidic fog, but Zif runs through and I'm not leaving her behind. Basement, out through the hole where a door used to be, upstairs past a bewildered pack of children, out to the alley, car arrives with Nosha's touch of Essence, and I drive.

In the back seat, Nosha shifts to another vessel, the adult male. "I'll have to get my other vessel cleaned up when we're done," he says calmly. "Some children will need reassurance."

"Zif, which direction?" I don't have a Cherub's attunement to pull me in the right direction.

"That way." She points -- towards a building, and I'm sure she didn't grab me so that I could drive her across the street. So it's down one street, take a turn, straight, left, straight, wrong way down a dead end street, and somewhere at the end? I don't know why Mannie's that far away from the Tether, but I aim to find out.

There's shouting in the hallway, and I want no part of it. From what few words I can catch, I suspect the Judges have discovered certain eccentricities of this Tether. The Purity Crusade was well before my time, but apparently old grudges die hard. One would think that Judgment might reconsider its policies about ethereals on Earth, if only to avoid sending so many rushing straight to Beleth. I expect to see any change no time soon, with the current Lord Commander of the armies of Heaven. At least my Boss stays out of politics, except as necessary.

Three lights for the rooftop door flicker between green and blue for a moment, before settling down on blue again. If the Windies can't keep their hands to themselves... I must ask Orli about chaining Jack and Nip to their cleaning equipment, though I doubt this would solve the problem. I tap open the basement intercom. "Zif?"

"Yes?"

"Upstairs door has flickering lights again. I'm going to go see if the Windies are messing with it, or if there's any residual damage from when Jack broke in. I thought I'd repaired that, but I'd rather not leave it to chance."

"Understood."

This floor is laid out with the center room where the machine rests surrounded by corridors, and thus I can detour to the right instead of taking the left-hand route, avoiding Judges and Seneschals entirely. If Judgment wishes to speak with me, they can speak with my Cherub first.

I meet Jack on the second floor, storming by with mop in hand. "Have you been playing with the rooftop door again?"

"Me? No, there's no challenge in attacking a security system I've already broken. Of course, it would go easier the second time through--"

"No doubt." I leave him to his bragging, and reflect that I'd trust Jack in matters of security only so far as I could see him, and then only if he were chained to a floor far from any walls. And probably even at that point I'd insist on searching his pockets.

I find myself on the fourth floor before I remember that we have sufficient power now to use the elevator. Either I'm wasting time to avoid going back downstairs, or Kai has given me more than his coffee habit. All my previous knowledge of Ofanim had never suggested they had such powers of reverse osmosis. I hope he hasn't acquired any of my bad habits.

I wouldn't mind if he acquired more critical thinking skills, perhaps.

On the fifth floor, Nip shoves a broom about with one hand while picking the lock on a door with her other. She looks up as I approach, but doesn't stop. "I don't know why they locked this one," she says. "Do you?"

"Not specifically. Have you been doing anything to the rooftop door or its alarm systems?"

"Not since--" Nip's words cut off in the furious rush of disturbance around us. She drops the broom. "Song of Thunder. Downstairs." I can barely hear her through alarms and the buzzing of disturbed Symphony. And then she's dashing away with all the graceless speed of someone who prefers coils to legs, but isn't about to let that slow her down.

Zif's downstairs, I don't know where -- a second explosion, above me, less disturbance and ah, but that's a sound I well recognize, having been around when the field tests were going on. Sounds like they never solved the problem with the heat-sink coils. And I am not about to let any damned Vapulans waltz through my security system without doing something about it.

I'm not the sort to run towards danger, and so I wait at the bottom of the stairs, against the wall. They'll send someone with heavy firepower and a tough vessel down first, the definition of heavy firepower varying by what their actual objectives are. This is no subtle infiltration to undermine the nature of the Tether, and I'm glad I won't be in charge of building the cover-up story to explain all the noise. Not quite explosive enough yet for a "burn to the ground and salt the earth" approach. Depending on how much they know about this place, they might be trying for a brute force hit-and-run on the machine downstairs, or Al.

It would be un-angelic of me to wish them success in the latter. This does not keep me from entertaining the notion until I hear footsteps on the stairs.

The demon checks around the staircase exit to face me exactly as I put one hand on the barrel of his weapon and send blue-sparking electricity running through his weapon and vessel alike. I must remember to ask Zif for any clever strategies she knows that use this attunement.

He only flinches, not enough damage to drop him, but sparks flashing through his eyes leave the demon staring blankly for a few seconds, and that's enough time for me to turn and run. Time to see if they took my recommendation for stabilizing the power source at the expense of firepower--

The demon shrieks beneath the explosion. That would be a no. If Zif weren't sure to sit me down for another discussion on acceptable levels of risk, I would track down the location of the Balseraph in charge of that project just to send him an I told you so. Orli will be grumpy at the scorched hole in the staircase, but building repair costs less than demon removal.

I'll consider that my good deed for the day. I round the corner at an undignified run, and find myself surprised that nothing explodes against the walls around me. Not the most aggressive attack team I've met. They must be aiming for a specific target, and there's nothing important in the building above the second floor. Downstairs, then--

It seems the group that attacked from below isn't concentrating on the first few floors, because I have to stop and retreat back around a corner as another one hits this floor. Why couldn't the architect who designed this building put all the staircases next to each other? I catch only a glimpse of the woman as she's looking the other way, and can hope she didn't notice me. Not a touch of tech to see on her except for an ordinary gun. Nightmares or the Game, and I'd far prefer the former.

She doesn't round the corner; she's off in the other direction, and if I'm lucky the Vapulans have taken the route that will bring them to her and not right behind me. If I'm exceedingly lucky, sufficiently poor planning will have gone into coordinating the efforts that a trigger-happy demon will shoot another in a case of mistaken identity, but that's not likely. Now, if I wait a moment for her to turn a corner, I can probably head for the stairs again while everyone on this floor tries to figure out what's happening. Zif ought to be here any moment.

A young man with sword in hand rounds the corner behind me, gives me a quick look. "On staff," he says, pointing. Whirls around just as a Vapulan comes around the corner. "Not on staff!" He leaps past me just as the tell-tale whine of a ready charge gears up. I drop down to avoid the excess energy pouring out of the demon's gun, and half the young man's torso dissolves, leaving me in the hallway with a demon annoyed at the sword sticking into his chest. I scramble back to my feet well aware of what's going to happen when that thing recharges--

The same young man snaps back into view in front of the demon with a new vessel, yanks out his sword, and decapitates the demon in a quick swing. "Wow," he says, staring down at his older vessel. "That looks a lot more painful than it felt." He gives me a chipper smile. "And how may I help you? The rest of my team should be along shortly."

"That way," I say, pointing to where I last left the heavily armed pack of demons. "You might want distance weapons--"

"Oh, don't worry about us!" The Malakite gives me a chipper salute and charges off in the indicated direction, sword drawn.

One less thing for me to worry about. I take a quick breath, head back for the stairs. The Seneschals will be on the first floor, and I'd rather be as close to them as possible. At the bottom of the stairs I can see Nosha tangling with some demon, I didn't know the Elohite could do knife work like that, but she'll need a hand--

Metal and skin slam around my throat, I stagger as the weapon-clad arm pulls me back against a demon I didn't hear come up behind me. I respond with another splash of electricity--

Barely a twitch from behind. "Nice trick, Mannie," says a voice I know all too well, and he's stronger than I am, but Zif will be here any moment--

Hari throws a roar of Essence into I don't know what, and the building disappears around me.

An office I don't recognize, bare walls providing no clue, no more Tether-feel to the place. No wonder he had to call up that much Essence, pulling a second person along with one of the Songs of Motion. He shoves me face-first into the wall, detaches while I'm reeling. No surprise when I turn to see the weapon he aims at me, laced up along his arm and shoulder with stabilizers, power packs. Another design I recognize, one of Hari's own projects, and I don't dare jump celestial so long as that's pointed in my direction. I can't remember how far the Song might have taken me. Surely no further than outside the city, and Zif will find me. If I can avoid dying for that long.

Hari shakes his head. "Really, Mannie. You think a little Zapper power like that is going to bother me? I expected more of you. At least a few weapons. A better exit strategy. What have the fluffwings done to you?" He wears his favorite vessel, the one he uses around humans and pretty little Mercurians he's trying to seduce. I suppose everyone needs a hobby, but we would have had fewer arguments long ago if he'd stuck to building the perfect mousetrap.

"A new job, redemption, that sort of thing," I say, and pull on my mask of casual disdain. If he believes I'm afraid, he's liable to shoot me out of sheer disgust. "I see you still haven't reduced the power consumption on that device. Or did you expect to be using it for three hours? Surely you're still in beta if you need that many supplemental power sources."

"It'll suffice for anything I need today," Hari says. The door opens behind him, and he's confident enough in this place to not even look back. I hope Zif is bringing plenty of backup, once they've finished clearing the Tether.

Aglaya steps inside. Wearing the same sunglasses as before. They have been expecting me, haven't they? "Defenses set," she murmurs, the soft sweet voice she always used when approaching a supervisor. "Anything else?"

"Essence," Hari says, and holds out his free hand for her to touch. "Fourteen will suffice."

"I have twelve," she says. "Anything else?" Even with her eyes shaded, she refuses to look at me. A strange little Impudite, and I could spare her a moment of sympathy if I weren't so ready to rip everyone in this place to shreds. Now, how that might be accomplished... More difficult.

"Help watch the front door," Hari says. The two of us matching stares across the room, while Aglaya nods, gaze fixed on the floor, and exits quietly.

The door closes again, and Hari gives me a more thoroughly appraising look. "So the Host didn't rip you apart. I had thought the way the Game reassured us that there was no such thing as a redeemed Lilim seemed a touch defensive. How does that -- no, I'll spare the detailed questions for later."

"I should have known that you'd want to come have a chat," I say, and why am I not being shot right now? Hari's as mad as the next Habbalite, but hardly the sort for letting old grudges be forgotten. "If you'd called ahead, we could have done coffee, instead of feeding your minions to annoyed Malakim."

"They're expendable," Hari says, with a shrug. "They'll do a bit of damage, keep people distracted, and present a plausible appearance of a real attack."

"Plausible enough to convince another Word with interests in the area to give you some assistance. The Game would have gone for a more subtle assault." What this means clicks. "You spent that many resources on a feint? On a Tether of Lighting? Why? I know you're insane, but I never thought you were stupid enough to waste personnel and equipment like that, much less annoy allies in the process. What could you possibly get out of this mess to make that worth it?" I cannot read his game, and this unsettles me. Hari is full of subtleties and twists, but always predictable in motivations. I can't see what reward he'd pull from these actions.

"What, did you lose Ethereal Forces when you ran off to play with the fluffwings in Heaven?" Hari laughs, and taps me in the chest with the mouth of his weapon. "As the humans say: I've got you, babe."

That is not what I wanted to hear.

"They seem to have taken care of you well enough," Hari continues, in the clinical tone he reserves for analyzing his projects. "They obviously haven't stripped your vessel or Corporeal Forces, which would have made reacquiring you far more complicated." I can picture, for one bizarre moment, Hari storming the gates of Heaven to demand they hand me over. Or, more likely, convincing someone else to do it for him. "They even let you wander about alone, or so Aglaya tells me. We're going to have so many questions for you, later." He smirks. "Rumor has it you're even getting laid. Is that how they stole you?"

I could certainly have done without that conversational detour. "It's been ages, and I'd love to chat, but I have reports to submit and filing to do. Why don't we do lunch? I can pencil you in for next Tuesday. If nothing has blown up in your face between now and then, we can go over all these questions then."

"I think you're stalling, Mannie." Not that I see him making any sudden moves. Waiting for something to happen, or someone to arrive. I hate trying to analyze a situation on half guesswork and speculation. His tone drops into that near-convincing camaraderie he can pull out as needed. "I realize you're concerned, but don't worry. We're going to get your head back on straight, however long it takes to untwist you from what they've told you. It might take some work, but I'm up to the challenge."

"All this, for me?" I keep my words light to hold back the screaming that's started in the back of my mind. "And to think, I didn't know you cared."

"Of course I cared!" Like flicking the lights off in a room, he switches into an entirely familiar rage. The weapon shoves up under my chin until I have to tilt my head back, still pressed against the wall. "How could you do that? How could you dare to betray us? You were made with Forces from the Genius Archangel himself, as much as I was!"

"You sabotaged my project, suborned my staff, and made me out to look incompetent! What did you expect me to do?" Shouting back at him comforts me like an old coat, so much easier than dealing with my fears.

"You were supposed to come to me for help," Hari hisses. "You were supposed to come crawling back to beg me for some way out of the mess. I would have been able to protect you, and you would have owed me."

"What kind of idiot are you? I've never worked for you, I wasn't going to start right when you finally managed to thoroughly stab me in the back."

"I didn't expect you to go Renegade." He's pulling himself back down into a colder sort of calm. "I never thought you were that stupid. But at least the Host found you before the Game did. The Genius Archangel is eager to have you back. He's never had a Bright Lilim to experiment with before."

Vapula himself, with such kind eyes, leaning down towards me--

"Shhh," says Hari, and there's still the gun under my chin, but his other hand is on my shoulder as he leans in close. I cannot wear any masks, I cannot stay here. "Don't worry. He won't pull you to pieces, when he's done he'll only strip your Corporeal Forces and give you to me. He promised. Once you're fixed you'll be able to do good work again, you're competent, I can use that. Give it a century or so and maybe you'll even be allowed back on Earth. It's going to be okay. I'll take care of everything."

Not far from here, the sound of an explosion, several shots from the sort of weapon Aglaya carries. Hari frowns, and steps back. I cannot think clearly, I can barely breathe, and I don't know. What to do. This close to me he can slam me unconscious if I try to run, rip at my soul if I leap celestial, I cannot. Get anywhere.

Aglaya opens the door. "A problem," she murmurs. "It's been dealt with." Who's lost a vessel again on my account?

"Good," says Hari. He doesn't turn around. Eyes only for me. "Go get the--"

And drops down before me, a splashy hole drilled through his head. There's a hole, about the same size, in the wall right next to me.

Aglaya looks down at him, her gun still out. "That's for pushing me, you bastard," she says, no sweetness left in her voice. "May you rot in Hell for a thousand years before anyone trusts you on Earth again, may you never be given a Word, and may Vapula strip your Distinctions and Forces alike."

I have no coherent response available.

Aglaya turns a smile on me, so dreamy I can read insanity in that as easily as in her actions. "Do you know, I've been waiting to do that ever since he told me that he set the Hellsworn on me."

"Why..." I don't even know where to start.

The Impudite shrugs, and crouches down to pull a ring off of Hari's finger. She tosses it to me. "Never could stand Habbalah. I know what real angels are. Thank you for keeping him occupied. I could nearly imagine all three of us were back in Russia, from that sort of shouting." With deft fingers, she detaches a few couplings on his weapon. "How strange, that I told the truth to you through and through. Even to your Ofanite friend. Hari was indeed coming to the city. Because I told him you were here, but is that important now?" Aglaya stands up again, gun waving lazily in my direction. "I had to make sure you would stay long enough for him to get here. You're the only one who distracts him enough to give me that chance. Vapula will be less than pleased with how much was spent on such a, dare I say it, failure."

"You would play me for your own ends--"

"Yes. Or anyone else." She stands there, gun still swaying. I'm not about to try to arm-wrestle an insane Impudite, and so I wait quietly, and hope Zif is still coming for me. "You don't know what Falling is like. What it is to realize what you've become, that it was your choice to reach that place. Don't you dare judge me, Lilim."

I can't read anything when I can't see her eyes. "What will you do now? When he finds out--"

"He won't." She flips the gun about and hands it to me, handle-first. "I'll be showing up at my Heart in another moment. I did tell him there was a problem, and it wasn't my fault the angels shot him while he was distracted. I tried to run, but they got me too." Her smile turns grim. "I'm not very important. They won't examine my story too closely. He's the one who'll have to explain these events to our Prince in person. I wish I could see that."

"Aglaya..." I have the gun, and I don't know what to do with it. "You served Lightning once. You have no love for your Prince. Why won't you run back? Come to the Tether--"

"No!" The Impudite shudders before me, visibly reasserts control. "Heaven wants Mercurians, not Impudites, and I would die before making myself that helpless again. I've done what I can. Now, please. Shoot me before my story falls apart."

"This is insane." I can't shoot an unarmed little Impudite who's standing there before me, and she takes off her glasses, and I see what she Needs, I know the one she wants to see again. "I'm sorry. I can't give you that unless--"

"I know." She hands me her glasses, and shivers. "Dissonance will make my story more authentic. Now. If you will shoot me, I will owe you for this. I've already dealt with the defenses outside. Perhaps I'll tell them you geased me in exchange for not dragging me back to a Tether to be burned there. Is it a deal?"

I shoot her between the eyes, as the Geas wraps itself around her. "Deal."

No one alive in the office but me.

I walk into the hallway. Two more dead bodies, the neat round holes evidence of who shot them. Aglaya plays a dangerous game to think she can convince all of them unseen angels attacked. It's no business of mine; she'll succeed or she won't, and either way she's out of my life again.

This door was wired with some security device, now mangled in an explosion. So perhaps she set it to go off from a trigger she held, took out the other two demons while they were distracted by the explosion and expecting an attack -- no matter. It's not my game. This door opens to a back room, some sort of hidden entrance to a storage room.

The door opposite me slams open, dropping three of my friends into the room. Zif stops just past me, in the doorway. "Anyone else?"

"All dead." My words feel strange in my mouth. Nosha begins examining the charges set around the door. "It's... complicated."

Kai dances on past me, and surveys the dead bodies laid out on the floor. Looks at me. "Okay, I have to say, I'm impressed."

"What?" I remember the gun in my hands. "I didn't... ah. It's complicated."

"We need to call in cleanup," Nosha says, shaking his head. Back in his adult vessel now, and I appreciate the comfort when he looks at me, puts one arm around me. "What happened?"

"It's complicated." My hands have started shaking. All the nervous energy pouring back through. "If you want any samples of VapuTech, now would be the time to grab it. I have some in my pockets, I think..." I can't remember where I put the ring and glasses Aglaya handed me. "I'll explain. Later."

Zif pulls me away, Kai trailing along behind. "Nosha, if we borrow your car, could you arrange cleanup?"

"Sure thing." The Elohite lets go of me. "Don't worry. I'll take care of everything."

None of them understand why I'm laughing. I don't think I could explain.

Ordinarily I wouldn't pass up the chance to drive, but this is one time when I'm happy to let Zif have the wheel. Mannie's not quite blank-eyed, but close enough to it that I don't want to let go of him for an instant. His Cherub is on the phone while driving, and I get half of conversations about clean-up at the Tether. Sounds like they finished all the fun while we were out.

"Hey," I say, because he still hasn't tried to explain anything, or done much but hold onto me since we got into the car. "You want to talk about it?"

"Not. Yet." My close-and-personal Bright Lilim has an iron grip, and I think I'll get bruises from the way he's holding onto me, but I can live with that. "I didn't handle that well," he adds, not loudly.

"All them dead, you with a nosebleed? I think you did fine." I shift into a more comfortable position, difficult with seatbelt and Mannie both holding me in. "How much better could you have done?"

"I shouldn't have panicked. I should have been more convincing, when I spoke with Aglaya."

"Mannie?"

"Yes?"

"Stop beating yourself up about it and relax. You're alive, the Tether's been secured, and a whole lot of demons lost their vessels in messy ways. As ways to end the day go, it could be worse."

"Yes. It could be much worse." But as he says that he sighs, and loosens his grip a touch. "Zif, how far back to the Tether?"

"Not very, but I'm driving in circles for the moment," Zif says. "The Kyriotates are having enough trouble with crowd control already."

"We could stop somewhere further away," I suggest. Show off my new bike, see if Mannie perks up with speed the way I do. Or find a motel, I know things to do in a motel.

"I'm not moving further than this from the Tether," Zif says shortly, and I recall that she's been chasing after her stolen attuned, and hasn't had a chance to destroy any of the people who did it. I can see a few reasons why she'd be on the twitchy side, so much as Zif ever seems twitchy.

"I can work with that." Movement is movement, even if I'm not driving, and so I curl up around Mannie in the back seat. I can wait as long as it takes.

Zif doesn't pull the car back into the alleyway until well after sunset. Mannie's recovered enough that when we get out he only keeps his hand in mine. I want to know what happened, find out what's upset him so much, but if he's not responding to Zif's gentle questions, he's not going to tell me yet. I can wait, I can wait. Not like I'm going anywhere in the middle of all this.

Down in the basement, Orli supervises two people I don't recognize as they work on building more wall over the hole where the door used to be. "What happened?" asks Zif, as we enter. Even I can read the real question behind her words.

"A set of gang members broke in to rob the place, and managed to cause an electrical short that blew out a generator. There was a small fire that's since been contained, and what people thought were gunshots were actually fuses blowing. The police have dealt with the intruders. A few people injured in the chaos were taken off to the hospital." Orli looks down on me. "Did you have to leave a body right in front of the hole in the wall? We had to use two Kyriotates on the paramedics to explain away that part."

"Sorry. I was a little distracted at the time."

"No apologies needed, child. But you might want to remember, for future incidents, that a little forethought can save a great deal of cleanup." She waves us away.

Upstairs again. The smoke's cleared away, though the area still smells of burnt carpet and insulation. Tikva stands in front of the triad, but wonder of wonders, all of them are speaking politely and quietly. The Seraph's shirt has been speckled with burnt holes, and his Cherub holds onto him -- well. Much like the way Zif and I are escorting Mannie through here.

Themistokles shakes his head as I approach. "When we told you to stay in the Tether--"

"Something came up!"

He looks over the three of us. "Wheel, are you entirely incapable of following orders?"

Mannie's hand tightens in mine. "I try. But I'm not used to having specific orders to follow," I say. "I couldn't just--"

"Later," says the Seraph, and he waves us on.

Zif leads us into the central room. The machine still stands, though I don't know if I'd be able to tell if it had been affected. Blood's been scattered across half the room. Amets has a mop and a bucket, drawing clean lines on the floor.

"Half a minute," I tell Mannie, and pry my hand out of his. "Be right back." And then I walk over to where Al's sitting, arms wrapped around his knees. Next to the body of an ethereal spirit whose nature was to protect.

"He's dead," Al whispers. I crouch down in front of him. "Orli came and she stopped them, but he's already dead."

"Doesn't mean he's gone," I say. "He's an ethereal, not a human. Death doesn't work the same way for them."

And then Amets kneels down beside Al, blood coating the knees of his pants. "Al," he says, and takes the boy's hand. "I'll find him. I can't bring him back, but I'll find Sirius for you. So that you can know."

I leave the two of them. Amets has been in the kid's dreams enough to know what Al needs more than I can possibly tell. "Hey," I say to Mannie. "Give me a call when you want to talk, okay?" And to Zif, "You're taking him home, right?"

"Promptly."

For a moment, a winged quagga stands before me, Mannie wears blue-lightning wings across his back, and then they're gone. Back in Heaven, where Mannie can curl up around his Heart until he's ready to talk. I intend to visit soon; my Heart rests in a drawer of Mannie's desk, which would provide excuse if I couldn't find any other.

But I have a few things to do first.

Back outside the room, I find Sharon in the middle of a sentence. "--just ask first!"

"They were in a hurry," says Tikva, soothingly, and presses Sharon's hands inside hers. "I'm sorry if it was disconcerting."

"It's not like I haven't been Kyrioed before," Sharon says, "but I'd like a little warning, that's all." She sees me, and asks, "How's the significant other?"

"Reeling. But I think he'll be okay."

"Hey, it's not every day you get bamfed out of a place by demons. Good to hear you found him in time."

I'm not sure that's what we did, but I don't want to get into that until I know the full story. Or as much of the full story as I'm going to get. "You okay?"

"One bullet through a leg. Hurt like hell, but I fixed it myself!" Sharon beams at me. "Okay, so it took me three tries, but I managed."

"Good work. Nip and Jack could use someone that knows how to fix things as well as break them hanging around."

"That's the idea," says Tikva, and her smile at me is like spring breaking through winter.

Takes me a few minutes to track down the triad; they've been busy tonight. I catch them on the third floor, mid-lecture to a cheerfully incorrigible Nip. I pace the stairs until they finish.

"Kai," says Galen, "we would ask that you come with us to answer certain charges put against you."

I spin before them. Looking forward to being in Heaven again, fiery wheel across the sky, even if it's for this. "Understood. I'm all yours."

I'm finishing up a standard weekly report (and how strange to have a standard week, for once) when Maharang zips in through the reliever flap in my office door. "Ta-da!"

I take the cup of coffee it presents me. "A new blend?"

"No, no, no. Look!" Maharang drops down on my shoulder, bouncing in excitement. "It's finished!"

The mug I've been handed holds two switches on the handle. I flick one, and the mug warms in my hand. "That one's the heater," my reliever explains. "So you never ever need to worry about lukewarm coffee. Try the other one! The other one was the hard part. I needed Teresa to help me with that."

I hit the other switch, and the thin ring of metal just inside the rim of the cup expands to form a tight cover of concentric circles. "You... made me a coffee mug with a lid."

"So that when I leave you messages, they won't get wet! Do you like it?"

"I love it. It's marvelous. And a very compact design. How's it powered?"

"There's a charging station! It's kinda big, but you should only need to charge it once a week or so. Oh, and never ever microwave it, really seriously ever." Maharang kisses me on the cheek. "I'm glad you like it. You know, I want to be just like you when I grow up."

What could I have been, if I'd never seen Hell? Some questions, as Zif would tell me, have no answers. "I know. Don't you have a physics class right now?"

"Oh! Don't want to be late." It dashes away as fast as its wings will take it.

I finish the report, send it off. Resist the urge to dissect the mug and rewire it; that would be rude, with a gift.

"Hey."

I spin my chair around. "Kai. What brings you here?"

A wheel of flame rolls into my office, wraps me up in the coils of its loop. "Al's about to finish his machine. Putting in the last piece as soon as I get down there. Want to come and see?"

"I'd rather not." I haven't been back to that Tether since Zif took me back home, took me to her office, shut the door, let me talk until I couldn't say anything more. There are some places and people I don't want to see.

"Please, Mannie. He asked for you to come."

I could say no to Al in a heartbeat, but I have a difficult time saying no to my batty little Ofanite. "Fine, I'll come along. Though I won't be staying for long." I send Gariel an email about being out of the office for an hour or so, and then follow Kai down the corridors.

I recognize most of the people we pass, though not well enough to remember names or specializations for all of them. And many of them recognize Kai, which I hadn't expected. We're slowed momentarily by two Ofanim spinning over to mine, asking after some vehicle testing, and then dashing off again. "Getting to know all the local Sparkies, I see."

"Something like that." I can't read Ofanite body language well, leaving Kai's response more ambiguous than I'd like.

At the top of the Tether, we pause to check the readout of destination, Tether details, Seneschal name (and a footnote about Tikva, the other Seneschal). I drop through first, pulling my vessel on around me, and a moment later Kai is beside me, wearing her customary grin. "Come on. It's not a big ceremony or anything, but this should be good."

The machine has grown half again in size since I last saw it, though it's nowhere near the diameter of the great machine we saw in that Domain. All hand-made bits and crudely attached pieces, there's no elegance to it. I don't know why anyone wants to make a production out of finishing such a thing. The room smells of fresh paint.

Orli and Tikva stand on either side of the machine, and Nosha is there, bouncing on her heels. She holds up a sticky green lollipop as Kai and I step up closer. "Want a lick?"

"No thank you." She laughs, and drops it into the pocket of her overalls. "That's disgusting, Nosha."

"Like a bit of swapped spit or pocket lint ever hurt someone."

"Actually," says Kai, "I heard this one story about lint--" She stops, and waves. "Hey, Al, I dragged him here. Ready to go?"

"Yeah." The little bastard Gorgon wears a baseball cap today, and the room is brightly lit; if I weren't looking for it, I'd barely be able to see the green glow lingering on his skin. He stands in front of the machine, hands clasped behind his back. "So. Um. Everyone, thanks for coming, and for all the help you gave me, and for not kicking me out on my sorry ass when I was a jerk." He turns around abruptly, and slots the last piece, a single gear, into place.

"Can I go now?" I murmur to Kai.

She pokes me in the ribs. "Not yet."

"Kai. It doesn't do anything. It's a model, that's all."

"Of course it doesn't do anything," she says, and her grin tells me this is something she's been planning. "Doesn't have any power, does it?"

"What, you want me to jump-start this mess?"

"Well," she says innocently, "I could grab my motorcycle and some jumper cables. But I thought your way would be more efficient."

And Al's waiting. Not quite looking at me, but waiting, and when I read what he Needs, it's such a simple, harmless thing. I'll leave others to take care of what he wants; I don't want him beholden to me anyway.

So I step up to the machine, touch a single wire, and call out electricity as my Boss gave me the power to do.

Sparks fly along the wires, through gears and tubes and struts, wrap around joints, until in the center of the machine all the sparks gather into a tiny sphere of blue light. The sphere lingers for a moment, dissipates into nothing again.

And a gear turns.

A pendulum swings.

Piece by piece, the machine creaks, groans, whirrs, and it moves, every piece of it whirling into motion, no matter that gravity and every other law of physics say this cannot possibly be happening.

Nosha claps her hands. "It works!"

"How?"

Orli shrugs, and smiles at me. "I don't know the answer to that, child. Do you?"

"No, but -- how? How does this work? The gravity's pulling in one direction, I only gave it a brief surge of power, it makes no sense." No slowing in the way it moves, now, and no speeding up, only the methodical churn of a machine that has been performing one action for an eternity, will continue it for another eternity. "How?"

"Not every question has an answer," says Nosha, and she puts her hand in mine. Sticky little child's fingers. "But isn't it beautiful?"

"I made that," says Al, to himself. "I really made that."

And after a time, when I find no one has a better answer than what I've been able to discover myself, I return to my office, where things make sense.

Kai sneaks fiery coils around me in the midst of a tricky little bit of translation I'm doing. Every demon would use an individual form of shorthand on design notes. "Got a minute?"

"Of course." I have Ofanite all around me for a moment, warm tangled loop tickling at me, and then Kai pulls back to make itself a single loop again. "What do you need?"

"So. I finished up talking with Judgment. About the stuff I've been doing."

"What did they say?" A moment of guilt that I'd forgotten that complication, all the more difficult to surmount for a Servitor of Creation.

"Pretty simple. They don't think I'm ready to handle running around on my own, not without a pre-existing Role and assignment. So I'm limited strictly to Heaven and the Tethers of approved Words until I officially start working for an Archangel. Well. A different Archangel." Kai's ring shifts and splits, spinning in two different directions at once. "I can't blame them for the decision, I'm supposed to be working for someone. And I am, but... they don't think I can be responsible for myself so much of the time."

"I'm sorry." For how much this hurts Kai, for my own part in the destruction of its last Role and vessel. "What are you going to do?"

"I can't stay here in Heaven, Mannie. It's home, but I have work to do, and I can't be much useful up here. All the things I can do, they're aimed at helping downstairs."

And so it's off to join up with the Wind, ride away into the night again. Calling every so often, and never being here. "So where will you go?" I hate knowing the answer before it comes.

Kai's ring tilts down to parallel the floor, snaps back up. An Ofanite's bow. "Kai, Ofanite of Creation, in service to Lightning. I made the appointment yesterday, and spoke with Jean today, when I got back from the Tether. It's official now. Looks like I'll be working at that Tether for a while longer, giving Orli a hand, and then... I don't know what after that. I guess they'll tell me."

I can't say I'm sorry, even knowing how that must feel. "Thank you. I... thought you would choose the Wind."

"Nah. Not really my thing. Great fun to hang around with, but doing that full time? Hardly. Besides," Kai adds, in the sort of voice that means it's trying to move to lighter subjects, "Sparkies get all the fun toys."

"And you're happy with this?"

"Not so happy as I'd be if--" Kai stops, whirls for a moment. "It's not ideal, but it's better than a lot of other choices. And I like your -- our Boss. He'll know where to use me best." It sends of a shower off red sparks. "Besides. It's only until Dad gets back."

The reporters who stood on the steps were mostly from local papers, though a few had come from more distant locations on account of the woman who stood before them at the doors. The director of the Larch Street Children's Science Center was a venerable widow of a great scientist, and a respected researcher in her own right; not such a great name as to make front-page news outside the city, but important enough to put in the Science and Arts section, especially with a photograph of cute children. The cute children waited restlessly with their parents behind the reporters, tired of boredom and sun. The reporters agreed that while this was a strange location for a new museum, a run-down neighborhood in a small city, one could expect a certain amount of eccentricity from the old and wealthy.

The director's speech covered all the expected areas. Funding for scientific research, an emphasis on the hard sciences within schools, children of today being the geniuses of tomorrow, inspiration and dreams. She kept her words mercifully short, and the doors were opened before anyone might acquire more than a mild sunburn in the August sun.

Once inside, the children scattered in all directions, adults in pursuit, to bang, twist, poke, and read as each exhibit required. Sunlight poured through windows along two sides of the building, complete with dangling prisms and magnifiers, each labeled with entertaining facts. The reporters wandered in more slowly, snapping pictures here and there; a few tried out the interactive exhibits when they could get a turn at the machines.

In the largest room, the center of the first floor, the Director of Children's Education for the center stood in front of a whirling sphere of gears, pendulums, wires, struts... The pieces seemed endless and eclectic, and most reporters took the pictures that would run with the story in that room, of rapt children gazing up at the machine. The woman explained to all the children who could tear their attention away from exhibits long enough to listen about the dream of perpetual motion. No, of course this wasn't perpetual motion, there was a clever method of keeping it all moving. If you watched for long enough, maybe you could figure it out. Children and teenagers alike leaned closely against the glass walls surrounding the machine, and pointed out there, that must be the batteries -- no, wait, how does that part at the top turn like that?

Their parents appreciated the air conditioning, and the chance to have children occupied by something other than a television, if only for an hour or two. But a few studied the exhibits, and wondered, and dreamed of great things for their children.

On the far side of this central room, a tall man leaned against a wall, his arms crossed. A younger woman emerged from the crowd of children, and leaned against the wall beside him. "So," she said.

"I still can't figure out how it's doing that."

"You're just not giving up on that, are you?"

"No."

"Hey, it's good to have a hobby."

He glared at her, but the woman only laughed, and put one arm in his. "Come on. Let's go see how Al's holding out."

They took the stairs up to the fourth floor, sometimes struggling to pass through the crowds of first-time visitors. The number of visitors would drop as the novelty wore off, but this place offered something little else in the area could, and already children being dragged away by parents with appointments begged to be allowed back again.

The two of them found a door marked Staff Only and took the stairs behind it, passing through several security systems, nearly all of which they knew about. The fifth floor held neat carpeting, offices, a typical administrative area. They did not stop there, but continued to the top floor, where rooms held sleeping quarters, a small laboratory, and equipment not typically found in children's museums.

The woman knocked once on a door, and then entered. Inside, a young man with a baseball cap hunched over panels of videos from the security cameras. He held a pad of paper filled with sketches and notes, and beneath his chair a large black dog slept. "No disasters yet," said the young man as they entered. "Not unless you count the soda spilled on the third floor. That's going to leave a mess."

"There's a reason we decided on tile instead of carpet," said the woman. She moved from place to place in the room, flicking switches to change displays. "How's it going up here?"

"Fine," said the young man. He held up his pad of paper. "I think I've worked out an idea for an exhibit about osmosis that won't end up with water and oil coating the entire room. Orli will find a dozen flaws, as always, but it's a start."

The woman spoke with the young man for a few minutes, and the tall man stayed out of the conversation. Though he did notice when the black dog opened its eyes, winked one, and then drifted back to sleep.

After a time the two of them left the room, and they climbed a final flight of stairs to the roof of the building. Two small gardens grew there, one laid out in precise lines and portions, the other a jumble of flowering plants growing over each other. The tall man sat down in a lawn chair beside a table with a broad umbrella restraining the summer sun. "What are you going to do, now that the center is up and running? Keep working here?"

The woman paced out the space of the roof, spun when she walked between the gardens. "Not quite, though I'll come back here often. I like kids. The Boss gave me another assignment."

"What did he give you?" The man leaned forward across the table as the woman passed in front of him.

"A list," said the woman, and she pulled a sheet of paper covered in names and addresses out of her pocket. "They've had enough time to do preliminary checks and decide which of these are most likely to pan out."

"Playing with Technology is dangerous," said the man, after a pause, "but I don't think telling you that would change anything you'd do. Be careful."

"I will," she said, and paused in her movement to kiss him. "Don't worry."

"I always worry," said the man.

"I know."

After a time the woman returned downstairs, to clean the floor, play with the exhibits alongside the children, return a sobbing boy to the parents he'd misplaced.

And after a time the man returned to the place where he worked.

And after a time security guards for the center politely ushered out the last of the guests, with a promise to be open again the next day. The doors were locked, and the lights in the lower floors were shut off.

And after a time, the last light from a window on the sixth floor turned off.

But the Tether remained.

The way to tell Gamma and Strange apart, as they'll explain to anyone who asks, is that Gamma's spiraling inner rings are formed in loops that go counter-clockwise, while Strange's turn clockwise. If the person so informed asks how one can tell which side of the Ofanite is being addressed, to determine if the rings are going the one way or another, they're not likely to get a straight answer out of either. Presumably their Archangel can tell them apart, and that is, of course, all that matters.

Nonetheless, Gamma is the one who's brought a certain subject to her sister's attention. (To assign a gender to a spinning wheel of fire is a tricky prospect at best, but their vessels are female, and they choose to consider themselves such, if as lightly as they consider any other decoration they wear.) They've been racing up and down through the Halls of Progress for some uncertain amount of time, neither being in the habit of looking at clocks, and the discussion of certain uncertain principles (or was it principles of uncertainty?) has lost its charm.

(They don't speak about Charm. Every family has its black sheep.)

"I saw her in the lounge," Gamma says. To apply a gendered pronoun to another Ofanite is presumptuous, but the twins have their quirks that few bother to call them on anymore, and they did see the other in a female vessel. "Making coffee. Did you know the coffee makers in the lounge aren't fail-safe?"

"What did she do?" Strange rolls along idly beside her sister, though their "idle" zooms past others walking through the halls.

"If you add just enough water to deactivate the sensor, add four times as much grounds as needed, leave it at a slight angle on top of a couch, and then jiggle the power cord several times, you can fry the temperature control circuits."

"Clever."

"Not especially. It was an accident."

They linger in an intersection of corridors, chasing each other in a tight circle that avoids hitting anyone else without ever slowing. Heaven is accommodating. "She seems a simple type. Very straightforward." Strange sends her inner rings rippling in a direction opposite to her roll. "I expect she'll be returning downstairs soon."

"So I'm told. Soon. She has a job to do."

"But not an office."

"No, not an office."

"Shame, that. Sparkies should have offices. A place to set their computers and coffee cups."

"I don't think she considers herself a Sparky."

They spin down another corridor side by side, so closely matched that many of the people who see them take the sisters for a single Ofanite barreling along.

"She didn't get much of a proper welcome. We ought to do something about that."

"We should."

The Ofanim whirl through various lounges, break rooms, common areas. "She appreciated the car," says Strange. "I'd even let her drive, if I was busy with other things."

"Her ring may be simple, but it's a nice simple. Keeps moving. Pointy flames." Gamma contracts herself, slips through the spaces in Strange to roll along on the other side. "I like Creationers. They throw good parties. They're entertaining. They cook well."

"Not this one."

"No, not so much for the cooking. Or at least not the coffee." Gamma pauses for a fraction of a second, an Ofanite's thoughtful deliberation. "I think she's cute."

"Should we?"
?"If she'd like."

"Not that she doesn't have friends here."

"But would those two know how to greet her?"

"Of course not. Too slow-and-steady." And the two of them think, though they wouldn't say it out loud in public, Too boring.

Ofanim are of divided opinion on elevators. Some prefer the speed; others dislike sitting still in a confined space while something else does the moving, under no control beyond the pressing of a button.

This is the way you can tell Gamma and Strange apart: Gamma takes the stairs, and Strange takes the elevator.

When someone perfects instantaneous matter transportation, they'll both be happy.

Gamma's the one who spots their target, through a half-open door on the right, and they rush into the room to spin around her. "So there you are!"

"We'd been looking for you."

"For minutes."

Kai rotates amiably in their direction. Allows herself to be surrounded by their orbits. "Anything I can help you with?"

"You don't have an office," Strange says. "More's the pity. But we can adapt. Want to come see ours?"

The sisters have a big office, a sphere with a curved door and curved window. They've attached all the useful items to the walls, computers and coffee cups and chairs for visitors, and in the center there's space to move. More than enough room for three burning wheels to shift around each other without running into anything they don't wish to run into. They have a machine to brew coffee properly into a thick syrup that takes hot milk, a window that can provide a one-way view to the blue skies outside, and a tiny monorail train that runs a convoluted route all around the room.

Kai whirls above the train to follow its path, and they approve.

Strange sets herself spinning in the center of the room, while Gamma orbits around her, and they watch every part of the room at once. Ofanim have no need for such details as eyes.

"It's good to have you here," Strange says.

"There are plenty of other Creationers working for the Boss these days. You'll fit right in."

"The Boss will assign you to the projects that fit you best."

"He's efficient that way."

"Until then, you ought to get to know the place. And the people."

"Like us."

With some Choirs, or Words, this would be a time for certain formalities, or at least careful testing of the waters. But none of these three are dreadfully concerned with formality, nor ones for patience.

Gamma is an ever-spiraling ring, one line drawn around in coils down to her axis, and if the outer end of that line is a theoretical thing, she deals well in theories. She slides this theoretical end around the rim of Kai's entirely factual single circle, and spins down until that neat circle passes through her center. "If you don't mind," Gamma says, and her flames are a politely low crackle, even as she tugs the other Ofanite towards the center of the room.

"It's only that we thought you could use some company," says Strange, and she repeats her sister's movement from the other side, until the two of them are drawing a perfect diameter line across the space inside Kai's ring. Their flames brush delicately against each other in the center as they spin on either point around the not-quite-Sparky.

"We know you have people to turn to for company," says Gamma, and her flames flicker hotter, her spin gears up to not quite synchronize with her sister's. "More company is better. Especially when they're busy."

"Besides," says Strange, and she abruptly reverses spin, easy glide against her sister's edges changing to an opposed grind that sends off crackling showers of hot white sparks, "you appreciate motion. As do we."

"So practical," says Kai, and she glides easily through each of their centers in an endless ring, "but I'm not arguing. I like this. I like you." And she slips, twists, perfect round loop bending into a fluctuating ribbon of fire, spins herself out narrower and longer into an oval, nearly a line, a braided line, pulling Gamma and Strange closer towards each other. Into each other.

For a single moment, there's no longer three wheels of fire, but a single wheel whirling in three directions at once along an axis that spins so fast it's nothing but a blur of fire in motion. Blue-tipped flames run along every surface, turning red-orange to a single blue-white glow, one perfect machine, as Forces slide so close together there's not three but one--

And then the ribbon snaps back out into a ring, and two coiled wheels spin slowly around either edge of a solitary circle.

It is not in the nature of Ofanim to linger on any one task, least of all in groups.

"We can show you a few projects," says Strange.

"You'll probably like them," says Gamma, and she unwinds at a leisurely pace from around Kai, which is to say, not with blinding speed.

"I won't understand them," Kai says, "but I'd like to see."

Three Wheels race down the corridors of the Halls of Progress, dodging anyone in their way.

(And Gamma allows herself to think, briefly, of Charm.)

There are projects to see, and places to go.

I've seldom had reason to pay much attention to anniversaries, the birthdays of my students aside. The world keeps moving, and stopping to consider what happened long ago means I'm not paying attention to what's happening now. But this one seemed important enough that I let my supervisor know I'd be gone for a few days, and rode off into the sunset (being on the East Coast makes that easier) to keep the appointment only I know about.

There are a few different days I could have chosen. I'm sure Mannie would have picked a different one, and if he's thinking about that at all, it means in a few weeks I ought to work out something celebratory. But I chose this one for being a sort of beginning point, one that matters to me. It's the place one search stopped, and a different search began.

I wasn't expecting to see any other signs of life in this abandoned town, but when I get off my motorcycle, there it is, a car that looks like it's been in a few accidents lately. There are two people I can think of who might be here in a car like that, though I wouldn't have expected either of them to show.

I trek through the field on foot, partly because that's how it was the first time, and partly because there are some things that are easier to feel when you get a better connection to the ground. The trees that encroach on this open land blaze with summer greens, the grass crackles around my feet, and insects dart away from where I step. There's nothing here but nature, and eventually the house.

It's still a beautiful house, even behind broken windows and weed-grown steps. But I don't think I would ever be able to stand trying to make it a a place to live in.

A figure comes striding towards me from inside the house. Tall, black-haired, a face that could belong to a sister of Jack's. Her hands linger near her coat, like she's about to pull out a sharp greeting.

"Kelly?"

She stops a few yards away from me, and all the foreboding in her face turns into a smile. "Kai?"

"I didn't expect to see you here," I say, and pull her into a hug, because even Malakim need hugs. "What brings you to this place again?"

"I could ask the same."

"I came here because this is the place where it started. Where it really started." She gives me a focal point for an orbit, just what I needed. "It's been one year. And I wanted to remember. What happened. How much some things have changed."

"I've heard about some changes you made," Kelly says. "Jack was disappointed, but." A quick shrug. "As it suits you. I don't see any dishonor in your choices."

"And now it's your turn to answer the question. I didn't think you even liked Mannie."

"I didn't," says Kelly. "He was an arrogant bastard, and a coward on top of it."

"But?"

She takes my hand and leads me away from the house. "A week ago," she says, "I met him again, upstairs. In a coffee shop, and I suspect you have something to do with that caffeine habit he's supporting."

"Guilty as charged. And?" I wonder where she's leading me, when I'd rather go downstairs in that house, see the place where I can draw a dividing line between one moment and the next.

"I was there to tell a few a friends about my next dash to Earth, see if anyone else wanted to hitch along. He wasn't happy to see me, I wasn't happy to see him." She stops at the fence that borders the property, leaning back against the dry wood. "So I checked his honor, expecting to find the usual faults, but... He has faults, everyone has places where they've failed to measure up to their own standards, but there was a moment when he ran towards a dangerous situation. Knowing how much it could cost him. Because of someone else. And at that point, I couldn't hold old cowardice against him, right?"

"I sure don't."

She laughs. "Of course, he's still an arrogant bastard, but I expect that from the Word he serves. Always thinking they're a step ahead of the rest. I swiped one of his notebooks, to remind him that wasn't so, and passed it along to a few relievers. Don't know if he got it back yet. Before that, though, we got to talking, and I brought up this incident."

I do a hand-stand on a fencepost. "And so you came here?"

"He mentioned some more details about the monster we killed, and about the way it held to certain traditions. So I'm thinking, it was trapped in that ward, but what if it decides to come back? What if decides to bring friends? It's been a year precisely, and some things pay attention to dates."

I drop back down onto my feet, and when I hit the ground I can feel it, what wasn't there a few minutes ago. A sick, dead touch, seeping out towards us through the dirt at our feet. "Kelly--"

"Yes, I can feel it." She puts a hand on my shoulder when I'd run forward to engage this thing again. "Wait."

"I'm an Ofanite, Kelly. I don't do waiting!"

"Wait. Trust me." She keeps a grip on my shoulder even as the insects fall silent, as the dreadful queasiness grows around us. I want to bound forward, but still, her hand on me.

The front door of the house creaks open, and there's something dark behind it, a squirming dripping thing. "Kelly!"

The Malakite pulls out a little black box, and she laughs, and she pushes a button.

Three stories of old house slam out in every direction. Noise and disturbance hit me at the same time, leaving me staggering as if the Song of Thunder went off in my face. Kelly pulls me steady, as secondary explosions rock the foundations of the house. "It's beautiful!" she shouts, as dust and bits of wood fall down around us.

"How did you--"

"Arrived yesterday, with all the equipment I needed. Spent all night and most of today, but it was worth it!" Kelly grabs me and spins me around, as if she's the Ofanite. "Nothing in this world that can survive that, Kai. Nothing at all."

I pull free, and I can't help but laugh along. An appropriate fiery funeral for a house that had been so misused for evil. "And what about next year?" I ask. "If it's holding to tradition, or some need that holds it back that long--"

"I'll meet you here," Kelly says, and puts out her hand. "I'll bring the explosives, you bring the marshmallows. Call it a tradition."

"I thought Windies weren't traditional," I say, but I shake on it.

"So maybe we'll do it differently next year. Maybe next time nothing will show, and we can spend the night seeing how many old buildings we can set up in a blaze. Want to find out?"

"Sure," I say.

And after she drives away, I watch and wait until there's nothing but thin smoke rising from the remains of the house. I guess the best way to celebrate a change is to change everything again.

Hushi doesn't once let go of me while we're waiting for the Malakite to wake up. I'm assuming Malakite, anyway; the one look and then prompt attack suggests an honor check that came up dirty. I let her cling, because it's a good sign, and work on making a few notes for my report. Somehow, these jobs never end up being as straight-forward as I'm assured they'll be. I don't mind; variety is the spice of life. Sometimes a little spicier than my tastes run to, maybe.

His eyes snap open, and he twitches against the jumper cables I've tied him up with. Poor guy looks downright offended, which suggests a Swordie to me. Waking up tied to a tree is never a dignified way to start the day. "Hey," I say, "glad to have you back. How's your head?"

Glaring at me like there's no tomorrow, and then he gets that confused look I seem to induce in so many angels. It's not my fault they have a hard time twisting their minds around the way I work. "What's going on?" A plaintive wail, of someone who's just discovered another angel smacked him over the head with a chair leg. Well, most of the chair. Took more than one whack.

"You," I say, "are jumping to conclusions. Bad habit of my own, so I can see it in others easily. Now, if you can sit still and cooperate, I'll untie you. Deal?"

"That," he says, eyeing Hushi, who whimpers and clings to me more from behind now, "is a dishonorable wretch."

"Yes, but she's working on that." I crouch down and start undoing the knots, and unclamp his thumbs. "We're heading to a Tether not far from here. Or at least, we were, until you tried to smite her. Trust me, if she needed smiting, I'd be doing it." I offer him a hand up, but he ignores it, pulling himself to his feet haughtily enough to suit a Seraph. "Once you were out, I wasn't about to leave you lying around unconscious for anyone to find."

"Renegade," he says, daggers in his eyes for poor little Hushi. "What's your part in this?"

"Kai," I say, and offer him my hand again, this time to shake. He finally takes it gingerly. "Ofanite of Creation. In service to Lightning. And this here is Hushi, a formerly Vapulan Djinn who would like to reach this Tether before anyone checks on her Heart back in Hell. All clear now?"

"She didn't show--" His face twists up. "The most honorable thing she's ever done is to steal a dog. How does that even make sense?"

"I'll explain later. But we're on a deadline, so if you'll excuse me, I'd like to get moving."

"Oh, no. I'm not letting either of you out of my sight until we reach this supposed Tether." He folds his arms. "I mean to have words with the Seneschal there about what you did."

"Suit yourself." It would have to be a Malakite; I find Seraphim easier to deal with. I've even learned to carry around painkillers for when I tell them my theories about what Eli's up to. "So try to keep up."

We move on between the trees, slower than I'd like, but Hushi is still limping from the Malakite's attack. She doesn't let go of my arm, sending occasional nervous glances over my shoulder towards the Malakite. "You know," I say, after about an hour, "as long as we're going somewhere together, introductions are in order. You?"

"Verito. Malakite of the Sword. And I'm hardly about to take the word of any Creationer."?

"Yeah, you and most of your fellow Servitors. What were you doing in the area, anyway?"

"None of your business, Ofanite."

"As you'd like." I pat Hushi on the arm. "Relax, I'm not going to let him hurt you. Or me," I add, at her worried expression.

"She's attuned to you." Verito sounds as if he's discussing a nasty fungus he's just discovered.

"Yup."

"How can that possibly be honorable?"

I spin to face him, because my patience isn't so thick to start with, and he's wearing it thinner than onion paper. "Would you prefer that she not care?"

Several responses sort through his mind, flickering across his face, but he finally says, "I suppose not."

"Good. Then hurry up and stop whining about a situation where you don't have the full story."

Three hours later, Hushi's whimpering is getting on my nerves, and Verito speaks up again. "How can there possibly be a Lightning Tether out here?"

"Not a Lightning Tether."

"Flowers?"

"Nope."

The Malakite is silent a while longer. "Surely there are faster ways to reach--"

"Yes, but in this case, walking is polite." Running would be more fun, but Hushi wouldn't be able to keep up, and her vessel isn't light enough to let me carry her quickly. "Quiet. We're almost there."

When we step into the clearing, there's no one to be seen, but I can feel the Tether rushing about me the instant we cross the edge. Hushi shivers beside me. "Greetings," I say, searching for formal phrasing. This would be easier in angelic than English. Human languages are beautiful in literature for their complex imprecision, but occasionally inconvenient for the same reason. "May we speak with the Seneschal?"

A wolf stalks out of the trees. Enormous animal, its head reaching nearly as high as my shoulders. "You stink of civilization," it rumbles. "What do you want of us?" Above me, birds spin in the sky, a delicate dance that watches everything we do.

I gently remove Hushi's fingers from my arm, and arrange her in front of me. "I bring you a repentant demon, who would speak with your Archangel and beg it grant her redemption. Will you accept her?"

The Seneschal stalks forward to sniff at Hushi's face, as the Djinn trembles against me. "Worked metal and storms enslaved. She smells of Technology."

"And would renounce it."

The wolf's ears twitch. "Very well. We shall take her, and see if survives."

"Thank you, Seneschal." I let Hushi cling to me for a moment in a tight hug, and then push her away again. "I need to go now. I told you where you can leave a message for me in Heaven, if you make it through this. Are you sure this is where you want to go?"

The little Djinn nods fiercely. "Sure," she whispers. "I'm sure."

"Good. Best of luck. Remember what I told you earlier." I kiss her on the forehead, bow politely, and leave, one confused Malakite of the Sword trailing along behind me.

"Why would a Vapulan want to give herself to the Archangel of Animals?" he asks, once we've gone a ways from the Tether. "The Words are entirely antithetical."

"Precisely. And it... suits her. Was Hushi's idea to start with, and let me tell you trying to get from the middle of a city to a Tether of Animals against an unknown deadline is not an easy task, even for me. I'm just glad Dad gets along with them so well." We've gone far enough that it won't annoy the Seneschal much, and I'm tired of walking, so I snap my motorcycle into existence. I'm never going to get tired of doing that. Verito twitches at the disturbance. "Want a ride back?"

"I... suppose so." He climbs on behind me, gingerly placing his arms around my waist. "But why Animals?"

"Hushi's just an itty bitty Djinn, sent to Earth to attune to valuable lab critters in case anyone tried to free them. Something to do with genetic modification, she didn't know the details. When she tried to break her attunement to one of the dogs they were working on, it backlashed on her. She ended up Cherubing at the dog all over the place. Ran off with the dog to save it, and since I was watching that lab anyway..." I shrug, and kick into gear. "Thought it might be worth giving her a chance. She seems to agree. If she makes it through redemption, Hushi will do just fine with Animals, or possibly Flowers. They'll find her a place."

"And what if she doesn't make it?" Verito asks, raising his voice to be heard over the wind rushing by us. Now here's proper speed, a beautiful thing after walking. It makes me feel right at home again.

"Still better than being a demon," I say. And he can't argue with that.

#

When the others had gone, the wolf turned to Hushi, and it said:

Daughter of twisted metals, what would you ask of me?

Hushi dropped to her knees, and she replied:

That you might call your Lord, to see if he finds me worthy.

The wolf stepped nearer to her, until hot breath touched all the Djinn's neck, bringing with it ancient fears Hushi had not before known she carried, and said:

You are not worthy.

And the Djinn wept, for she knew full well this was True. But she cried out to the wolf:

Let my Heart be broken, then, and let me be torn apart, for I would no longer be a daughter of the twisted metals. I have left my Dark Lord, and I shall take no other like him again.

The wolf listened to this, and in its own Heart it saw the Djinn as the cub of parents who would devour their own young. The wolf remembered its own cubs, and all the care it had shown for them. And so the wolf said:

I shall call upon my Lord, and you may yet be shown mercy. Now remove your clothes that stink of dark cities, that you may present yourself bare as a newborn.

Hushi lay bare in supplication, and when the Lord of the wolf arrived, she moved to speak, that she might beg mercy. But she found she had no words before such terribly glory. And the Lord said of the wolf, in a language the Djinn had never before heard, that sang of Truth to her ears:

What have you brought me, to profane this holy place?

The wolf crouched low beside her, and bared its throat, and said:

My Lord, who has dominion over all creatures that creep and swim and fly, this one is not worthy, yet she presents herself to be ripped apart as sacrifice to you. Have mercy upon her, for she has only the understanding of a newborn cub, and yet she has seen her sins, and cried out to you.

The Lord of Animals had the voice of all creatures. In it the Djinn heard the howling of wolves, the song of birds in the gray of morning, and the way fish sweep ever-silent through the water. And the Lord looked down on her, and said:

Cast aside this body shaped as the enemies of my creatures, and let the light of Heaven shine upon it.

All the fear Hushi had known before was nothing to this, and she said, most humbly:

Lord who I would have as mine, I cannot bear the light of Heaven, and to touch it in my true form would destroy me. But I shall do as you command.

And so the Djinn cast aside her human-shaped vessel, and showed herself to be a twisted creature of no proper form. The light of Heaven saw all her impurities, and reached out to consume her.

But the Lord of Animals wrapped Hushi inside his fur and claws and scales and skin, and as she cried out she was carried to the places of Heaven where the souls of all holy creatures rejoice in their true natures. And when she was set down, as gently as a mother who has held one of her offspring in careful jaws, she crouched low and bared her throat, saying:

You are my lord, and I shall have no other.

#

The Cherub bowed her head before the wheel of fire that spun before her. "And so it was done. I thank you for your part in this, for without you I would never have found my Bright Lord. I am a small and weak creature, but I shall grow in strength as I have been commanded to do by my Lord. What may I do to repay you?"

The Ofanite shed glittering sparks, and it considered the creature that stood there, a young wolf with gray-feathered wings. It said to the Cherub, "Remember that you are beautiful. You are the work of art by an Archangel, and if you would hold to this truth, none can take it from you."

And they were both pleased.

All through the performance Mannie's waiting for her to start fidgeting, but she sits still, watching, nothing more than an occasional flicker of her fingers, as if she's mapping out the moves somewhere deeper than a vessel can account for. (They had to borrow appropriate clothing for Kai, warm enough and fancy enough for the venue. Three hours later, it's still strange that she's wearing a dress, elegant shoes, her hair pulled back into a neat braid. The earrings, though, little rainbow-copper cut-outs of stars, those seem appropriate.)

At the intermission, he leans over and asks, "Did you want to step outside for a few minutes?" Stretch your legs and dance. But she shakes her head.

"I wouldn't want to miss anything." Her fingers go tap-tap-tap on her legs, and in the rhythm he catches one of the refrains from the piece they've been watching. "I didn't get you a Christmas present again."

"I told you before that I don't need one." He'd like to put his hand to hers, but he wouldn't for the world stop that movement once it's started. "If you'd like, consider this your present to me." He means: time keeps moving, it's the one resource we can never regrow, and time with you is something I know is finite, we are all finite. There will come a day when one of us is gone, and dear God let it be me, but for now I will take the time you choose to give me.

"Now that doesn't make any sense," Kai says, but she settles a little closer to him, and that's all he wanted.

When the performance is done, she speaks of art. He doesn't understand most of it, the tropes and themes and tunes and moves, all the technical vocabulary for ballet and music. That isn't important. What matters is that she spins in front of him as they walk, even in those shoes that can't be made for easy movement, and she smiles at him.

He meant to stop at one of the cafes that cater to this post-performance crowd, but she's moving now, unlikely to want to sit. Instead he finds a place that will sell them hot coffee in disposable cups, with or without a shot of vodka to keep them warm. The man tending the stand leers briefly at Kai, in a friendly manner. "You got an American girlfriend?" he asks, as he makes their drinks.

Mannie nods, simpler than trying to explain.

"They're pretty," the man says, "and not a bad idea, I had one once. They always want more, but they're nice, aren't they? If you can keep them happy!" He laughs, and passes over the drinks. In English, he says to Kai, "Thank you. Have a nice day!"

"I should learn Russian," Kai says, between sips. She keeps her balance perfectly on snow-covered sidewalks, one slick shoe after another without any hesitation. "It's a pretty language. What was he saying?"

"Nothing important." He sticks to the well lit areas, finds himself reassured when she makes no sign of wanting to explore off the beaten path. There's a faint, distant rumble of disturbance. She doesn't hear it, and he chooses not to mention it. This isn't a night for tracking down trouble. "It's changed since I was here last."

"That many years... Does anything look the same?" She tucks her hand into his, gloves to gloves. It's still a connection. "I'd think the streets would be the same, they don't usually change how those go, but I'm not sure if you can tell when all the buildings on them have changed."

"Some of the buildings are the same." He can make out along the skyline ones he recognizes, and ones that could never have been built with the technology of that time. "It's very different, yes. Cars instead of sleighs, neon lights, the billboards advertising American candy bars..." Not the people, though. Different governments, different technology, and the people are still the same. The woman who strides past them, arguing into her cell phone, could be one of the stern young wives he met at university functions with their arms tucked firmly into those of their professorial husbands. She Needs enough money to have her daughter's cleft palate fixed. The boy across the street who kicks snow into a gutter, hands in his pockets, could be any of the children who used to run past the house shouting in warmer weather. He Needs a puppy for Christmas, someone who will love him most. The humans never change.

"Where did you live? If you remember, and can point it out from here..."

Mannie turns, gets his bearings. Gestures with the hand that holds the coffee, not daring to let go of her in case she might skip off in that direction. "Over there. The house is probably long since torn down. There's more money to be made in that area with higher density buildings now." He takes another sip of hot coffee to distract himself from memories. "We only spent some of the time in the city. The real work was done in the lab on the estate, further out, but we maintained a residence closer in for Role reasons, and other... matters of utility."

"You and Hari." He's reminded that she knows more of his history than he'd like. More than he'd wish on any creature he loves. The past can't be changed, only atoned for, and time keeps flowing downhill towards inevitable conclusions.

"Hari and I," he says, her hand tight in his. "And my, ah, sons. No Force-children of mine, but two gremlins with Roles as my children." He can dimly recall their faces, one sly and the other afraid as Hari stood over them, telling them to be careful with their destructive urges. Never fledge as Calabim, little boys, or the Genius Archangel will rip you apart and use your Forces for someone more useful, who knows how to behave.

"Whatever happened to them?"

"I don't remember. I believe they fled with everyone else when we had that exceptionally, ah, pointed discussion with Lightning. They've probably fledged by now, if they're still alive." They're still walking, in and out from the patches the streetlights illuminate. Bright and dark and bright and dark through the snow, but she's always at his side. "Role-building so that we could take over their Roles once our current ones were too old. I volunteered to let them be my children, in hopes of scaring away those aggressive young ladies near the university."

"Did it work? Scaring away the women." Kai kicks at the snow, nearly skipping at his side, no matter that her dress is too elegant for such movement. Ofanim pay little attention to such matters.

"Mostly. There was this one daughter of a professor -- she was very clever for a human -- who thought this meant I needed a wife to take my children in hand and teach them to behave." He can still see her face sometimes. Square-jawed with a hooked nose, never beautiful, but when he spoke with her father about physics and engineering, she sat quietly with her sewing by the fire and listened, understood. "I finally married her, to settle the matter, and because her father was a useful man who very much wished to have his daughter married to a gentleman."

"What happened to her, when you lost that Role?" Actual concern in Kai's voice now, not curiosity, and Mannie remembers that this burning wheel of fire who's taken human form beside him cares for the workings of all those individual humans who trudge from birth to death, not only humanity as a mass. Even the ones she's never met.

"I don't know." He doesn't like to admit this. "We abandoned those Roles, and I don't know what Lightning did with them afterward. If she ever found out why her husband and adopted children disappeared. I don't know if the authorities ever found Hari's dead vessel, or... I don't know how that was resolved."

"They ought to have reports on it, back in the Halls of Progress," Kai says, and she looks up at him, hair white-dotted from the snow drifting down. "You've never looked into it?"

"No," Mannie says. "I never did." He has enough to regret without finding new reasons to hate what he used to be.

She might have said more, but there's a car pulling up beside them, sleek and clean. Nosha steps out, a neatly-dressed young man who's acquired a furry hat from somewhere, and offers a polite bow. "Your car is ready."

"Your car," says Kai, and she grins at the Elohite. "You've been having too much fun, I can tell from here. Where did you get the hat?"

"It's a fabulous story," Nosha replies, and holds the back door open for both of them. "One full of action, adventure, and the triumph of good. I'll tell you later." He makes sure they both get into the back seat, and returns to the front, tilting the cap as if it were a chauffeur's before pulling away from the sidewalk again.

The back seat's warm and comfortable. Kai only shows the briefest look of regret at not being the driver before she's sprawled out across Mannie's lap, shoes kicked off and jacket tossed aside. "Home, James! Or, well, back to the Tether, Nosha. However works. Thanks for the ride."

"My pleasure," says the Elohite. He catches Mannie's gaze in the mirror, and smiles, not turning around.

The car takes the scenic route back, and Mannie watches out the window, snow falling on unfamiliar streets, Ofanite on his lap, fingers tangled with his. It's a long, slow drive back home.

At the bottom of the Tether, I pull on the new vessel the Boss gave me, and shake hands with the waiting Seneschal. Currently a green-haired teenage girl, but with Kyriotates that's how it works. "Kai, Ofanite of Creation, in service to Lightning. Thanks for the ride." The room's a back storage area, and I've been spending too much time in storage rooms lately. At least this one's on Earth; I've done enough inventory to last my a lifetime, this last month.

"No problem," says the Kyrio, waving one hand, though I caught that slight frown when I mentioned my current tangle of Word-service. Not my fault most of the Sword has decided to get annoyed at Dad, and I've learned there's not much I can do about it, so I let that pass without comment. "We're always ready to serve. Mieczyslaw, Kyriotate of the Sword, and Seneschal of this Tether. You can call me Mick, I know that's a mouthful if they only gave you English. What can I help you with?"

I check my pockets. Nothing there but my phone at the moment. "I could use a change of clothes, or at least a pair of socks. And a backpack for them, if one's handy. I'm picking up my Role at my next stop, so I expect they'll get me better equipped there."

The Kyrio shoves open a closet door, to show hanging clothes, boxes of clothing, several sets of shoes. "Take your pick," she says. "Backpacks on the far right. Do you need any money?"

"A twenty for incidentals wouldn't hurt." I reach into the closet, and frown. "Wait a minute -- oh. I'm taller."

"New vessel? There's a mirror in the corner." The Kyriotate points over her shoulder, and sits down cross-legged on the floor to continue what looks like math homework. "Not your first time down?"

"No, this is my... um." I count back. Two before Dad gave me the Malakite of Creation attunement to keep me out of trouble, one that lasted until that run-in with the Game, and then my last and most recently deceased vessel. "Fifth. I kept one for nearly fifty years, but I've had bad luck this decade." I pick up the mirror, and spin in front of it experimentally. "Oh, come on."

"What?" The Kyrio looks me up and down. "I don't see anything wrong with it."

"It's all... Seraphy!" Not only am I taller than any of my previous vessels, this face has the sharp-angled look Seraphim favor. I check inside the jeans I'm wearing, and it looks like I'm male again, at that. Slight pity, there; I got better reactions in certain situations by being female. Mirror set aside, I head back to the closet. "Who were they expecting to take this Role?"

"Not tall enough to be much like a Seraph," the Kyrio offers. "It's a good vessel."

"Oh, I know." I reluctantly pass by the swirly skirts in the closet, and settle on a spare pair of jeans about the right size, two shirts, and several pairs of socks. They wedge easily into the backpack I grab from the stack. "It's a good vessel, and I'm lucky to get it after losing the last one in such a stupid manner. I'm just fond of smaller bodies. Easier to keep myself moving when there's less weight to deal with." I drop down into a headstand, handstand, then to one hand, though I can't hold that for long with this body. I need to practice with the new balance. "Moves well enough. I'll get used to it."

I drop back to my feet, and scratch the back of my head. Not that it precisely itches, but there's weird feeling in my brain right now. "I'm heading south, with plenty of time to spare. Need anything delivered on the way?"

"Actually, yes." The Seneschal passes me a twenty dollar bill, and then scrounges through the desk. "A few things for a Malakite of Stone in Sioux Falls, if that's not out of your path. Did you need a car? I have a spare in the parking lot, acquired from a Balseraph of Lust I disposed of. It needs to disappear soon to avoid questions."

"I have my own transportation, but that's summonable, so I can take the car off your hands. See if the Stonie wants it." I take the file I'm offered and stash it in the backpack with the rest. "That's practically on the way. Where do I find this 'kite?"

"I doubt the car would be appropriate. She'll be in school, at this time of day. But by the time you get there classes will be out." The girl flips through bits of paper. "This is Thursday, so she's in kendo. You can catch her outside the class at five thirty. Tall, brown hair, glasses, name's Ruth. Tell her Mick sent you with those papers for the research project she's been working on. Address is on the folder."

I tap the Symphony politely, and get an answer about how I ought to drive to that city, and how long it ought to take me with the way I drive. "Can that car you're loaning me get over seventy?"

"Probably."

"I can make it by five." I tip the Seneschal a bow, and stride out through the little synagogue to the parking lot, where an adorable sports car waits for me. Convertible, even.

Maybe I won't give up the car right away.

I hit Sioux Falls at a quarter to five, and make my way through traffic to the address just as people wander out of the building that proclaims it teaches martial arts, self-defense, and yoga. I wonder if they'd be willing to teach ballet -- but I'm not here to pick up the job Dad gave me so long ago, I'm doing a favor for the Sword on the way to be a proper in-service-to Sparky. Can't help regretting that, but this is the best choice I was offered. I'm doing good work, if not always work I understand.

Passing on the files is a matter of a few minutes, and then I'm off to my car before it can get ticketed for its not-quite-legal parking spot (maybe Mannie's right when he says the time I spent with Windies wore off on me), back on the road to jitter impatiently through traffic until I can hit the highways.

I usually spend long drives doing nothing but enjoying the speed, sheer pleasure of weaving between cars and going faster faster faster in the most perfect route possible to my destination. But this time it doesn't work that way, not with the itch inside my mind. I spend the drive going over my recent mistakes, how I could have avoided them, and generally feeling like I've been a little dim in the past. It's not much fun as past-times go, and even finding a radio station playing nothing but The Beatles for a stretch of Missouri doesn't help.

The directions I was given back in Heaven lead me to an old farmhouse surrounded by fields of... something; rural agriculture isn't my area of study. I sling the backpack over my shoulder, and lope up to the front door to knock, first few bars of California Dreamin'. Barely past dawn, which means I'm early. I can only assume they give me so much time to reach appointments to allow for message delivery and the occasional demon smackdown between departure and arrival.

I've paced the front porch three times and figured out how far it is to the nearest coffee shop (answer: too far) by the time the door opens. A very old man, with dark glasses and a white-tipped cane, nods politely in my general direction. "May I help you?"

I stick out my hand, pull it back in when I realize he can't see it. "Kai. You should be expecting me?"

The old man chuckles, and pulls the door all the way open, stepping aside so that I can enter. It's a cute little house, done up in doilies and watercolor paintings. "Kai," he says. "Yes, we were expecting you. In another half hour. We were in the middle of breakfast."

"Sorry to interrupt." There's a half-finished plate on the table, and an old woman buttering a slice of toast as if it's made of glass and would break if she went much faster. "I could come back in half an hour--"

"No matter, son. You're here." He leads me towards the back of the house, pausing by a truly dreadful painting of a simpering angel hovering over a child in prayer beside a bed. "Besides, I've been given a marvelous machine by certain friends, which will rewarm a plate of eggs that has gone cold. And this is the clever part, son, it does so without turning them rubbery. Don't we live in an age of wonders?" He reaches out and feels up along the side of the painting, touches the top corner of it. "Lucas, your Ofanite is pacing behind me in the hall. Shall I let him in? And would you like orange juice as long as he's heading down?" The old man nods after a moment, and I notice the hearing aid he's wearing. Trust Sparkies to work something clever into what he already needs. "You can head along," he says. "If you enjoy roast beef, lunch will be at noon. Just let Mollie know an hour or so before so that she can set an extra place."

A section of the wall swings out of the pink floral wallpaper, leaving me facing an elevator. "Nice setup."

"We think so too." The old man returns to his breakfast, and I step inside.

The doors slides shut. "Please speak for the voice recognition," says some hidden speaker.

I spin in front of the obligatory mirror. This body will take all sorts of getting used to; my last one was a few inches over five feet, this is a few under six. "I just got this body, how are you supposed to recognize the voice? I'm reasonably sure the Kyrio didn't have a tape recorder sitting around to send ahead samples."

"Speech patterns match," says the voice, and the elevator drops so fast my feet nearly lift off the floor.

The door opens into a sparkling-clean lab, full of equipment I don't know how to use and the smell of coffee brewing. "That was fun. Can I do that again?"

"See? Ofanite." A man with cropped hair and a half-smashed nose leans across a table to shake my hand. "Lucas, Mercurian of Lightning. They do that to anyone new, see who gets annoyed. I told them it wasn't about to bother a Wheel."

"Hardly. Can you make it go any faster?" Once hand-shaking is done, I keep my hands tucked in my pockets. Don't touch the lab equipment, don't touch the lab equipment... The first Sparky lab I spent long in, I ended up with a Cherub following me around with a rolled-up magazine to smack me on the head every time I touched something I couldn't immediately name, describe, and explain the uses of. I learned more about not touching than I did about lab equipment, although now I can tell a beaker from a Bunsen burner. Doesn't mean I can't walk, though, so I scout out the whole area, and track down the coffee pot. With spare mugs!

"Not without adding a lot more power," says a woman with marvelously blue eyes. "Which we could do, but then we'd be taking power from other things, or requesting another generator, and if we ask for another generator they'll want to know why, and somehow I don't think 'we want a faster elevator' would fly well in the upstairs office." She takes a sip of coffee, and waves. "Welcome to the lab, Kai. I'm Penelope, Cherub in charge of this research station. I have a list of necessary items for you, but we'd be more than happy to give you a few other things to field-test, if you're up for the challenge."

"I'm up for a challenge, but I'm limited to what I can carry on a bike. Speaking of which, does anyone need a sports car? I left one outside that's fun, but too hot for me to use with a Role."

"I'll take it," says the third Sparky in the lab. Has a vessel built for contact sports, nearly absurd in the spotless white lab coat he wears. "Park it back in the garage, pull it out once in a while... Who owned it last?"

"Balseraph of Lust."

"All the more reason it should go to someone who will appreciate it, then." He tilts a wave at me. "Zuberi, Malakite. We don't run into many demons to smite down here, but I can appreciate a little vicarious smiteage by providing tools for others to do so better."

Penelope hands me a file, which I juggle with my mug of coffee without dropping either. "Your new Role. It's a sturdy one, so please take care of it. If you lose this vessel, we want to be able to pass the Role along to someone else. We expect you to put on a reasonable show of eating and sleeping at regular intervals, and all those human things. Any questions?"

"No, I've done long-term Role maintenance before. Shouldn't be a problem." I flip through the contents of the folder. The Role's name is Kyle Moss, twenty-two years old and licensed for all sorts of vehicles. Standard educational background, enough moving around to justify fuzzy memory if I run into any old childhood friends, and a B.A. in Drama with a minor in Dance. "I like the Role. What's Kyle been up to since he left college with a not especially useful major?"

"Photography." Penelope drops a heavy camera case in my hands, and then another case of some sorts of... bits. That go with a camera. I don't know what bits go with cameras that use real film. The closest I get to taking pictures is with my phone, grabbing snapshots of eyes for Mannie to Need-read upstairs. "Your Role has never taken a class in photography, so don't worry if your photographs are lousy. In theory, you're riding the country to take pictures of whatever strikes your fancy, intending to compile it into a book of the Real America. In practice, remember to shoot a few photos now and then. If they turn out marvelously, we can always get you published through one of our in-house presses, to give your Role more authenticity."

"I hope there's an instructions manual." I sling the straps over my shoulder. "Does it do anything special, or is that just Role-dressing?"

"It might do something special. In theory, the combination of film and camera you're using will show any Discord on a target, once the pictures are developed."

"In theory?"

"Oh, the design works fine up in Heaven. Where everyone is in celestial form and anyone can see the Discord someone wears. This is the first corporeal version. Thus the need for field-testing. Take pictures of any known demon you come across that you can manage, and especially if you happen to run into Calabim."

I consider the likelihood of me stopping to take pictures of a Calabite when I know that's what it is. "I'll try. What else do you have for me?"

"Not much more. Most of our test-ready prototypes are too bulky to carry on a bike, especially with all that photography equipment. But Zuberi whipped up something just for you, when we heard you were coming." Which suggests they knew I was going to show long before I heard anything about this assignment. Lightning works on a need-to-know basis, and most of the time, they figure I don't need to know.

The Malakite yanks open a drawer, and fishes through clanging equipment. "I left it somewhere around -- ahah!" He pulls out a small black case, and presents it to me. "I read your whole file. The parts I have clearance for, anyway."

I open the case, and inside on black velvet lies a perfect silver piccolo. I used to have one, my favorite instrument for the speed I could play it, but it went up in flames with the rest of my apartment when the Game burned that place down. "Thank you." It feels inadequate. Such a perfect gift from a near-stranger.

"That's not all." The Malakite pulls the pieces out, notches them together, and hands the instrument to me. "Come on, see if you can tell what it is."

Now that I'm touching the piccolo, it fits in my hands with the pleased feel of an item that knows its place within the Symphony. "You made me a celestial artifact?"

"Celestial Song of Tongues. A great way to send messages, especially if using the phone would be too noisy or you don't know the other party's number." He slaps me on the back so hard I stumble forward. "Never know when that might come in handy. It's gotten me out of a nasty situation more than once. Builds up one Essence a day, and stores that much, so you don't have to worry about keeping your own Essence handy to use it."

"Thanks," I say. And because Mannie would remind me if he were here that you ought to repay people for their kindnesses, "If there's anything I can do for you--"

"Don't worry about it." The smile he gives me is more personal than before. "I'm happy to help another one of Dad's kids."

So another Creationer in service to Lightning. I'll swap stories with him if I have the time, and ask him for a few spare paperclips. But for now Lucas is pulling me away to explain the basics of photography.

Hour and a half later I know enough to take a focused picture without catching my thumb in the lens, and enough terminology to sound like an enthusiastic amateur. Penelope and Lucas suddenly find excuses to go do work in other rooms of the lab, leaving the Malakite and I by the coffee machine. None too subtle, but many angels would say Sparkies don't do subtle.

"How long have you been working for Lightning?" Zuberi leans back against one wall so that he can watch me pacing my hands-in-pockets circuit without turning his head all the time.

"A bit over a year now. You?"

"Since a few years before Dad left. Didn't know at the time why he'd want me to work with a bunch of geeks, but he said they'd teach me different ways to make things. Turns out he was right." He takes a sip of coffee. "I mean, of course he was right. Always was. No doubt he's off working on some big thing right now. And if I don't get to hit demons so often, at least I get videos of what the things we made did to them. What brought you in recently? You have a perfectly ordinary file, and then out of nowhere, security clearances all over the place."

"It's complicated. But after I screwed up on some stuff, Judgment hauled me upstairs and told me I couldn't do corporeal work until I signed up with another Archangel, at least until Dad gets back."

"Why'd you choose Lightning? The shiny gadgets? The impeccable sense of retro-geek style? A chance to blow things up?" When Zuberi gestures with his mug, coffee sloshes over the edge. "Or did they not give you a choice?"

"Knew a lot of people in Lightning." One job for them when I got my last vessel, and then working to keep a brand new baby Tether together... I met more Sparkies between those two jobs than I met Windies in all the time I traveled with Jack. And Mannie, Lightning Servitor from head to toe to wingtips, who worries about me when he can't read my weekly reports. "And, hey, there's something to be said for gadgets." A phone that can dial up Heaven, so Mannie's never further away than that. Shiny speedy summonable motorcycle that needs a recharge at a Tether every ten thousand miles or so, a reward for calling Sparkies down when I realized where that baby Tether might go.

"And that's it?"

I pour myself more coffee, and add sugar until I want to go into more details. "And Jean... offered. I said no, and he told me the offer was still open." Too sweet coffee, but I can deal with that. By caffeine it's made holy. "When they told me I had to find someone who'd take me, or not get out to do Dad's work at all... I knew he would be there." I chuckle into my coffee. "Made an appointment and showed up for it. Isn't that weird? Making an appointment with your Archangel?"

"It is." Zuberi smiles back at me, and that's something I haven't shared in a long time, this flavor of understanding. "Back when I was working for Dad, I'd drop by once in a while and say, hey, killed some demons, lost a vessel. Can I have another? Or he stop in for lunch and over dessert tell me about some place he wanted me to hit, a few new things I ought to try making. Now I submit weekly reports. Reports! Never once submitted a report while I was with Creation. It takes getting used to."

"Tell me about it. For the first two months, Gariel kept sending back my reports covered in corrections, comments, and all these new restrictions. Don't write your reports in crayon, Kai. Don't write your reports on napkins, Kai. Don't forget to date your reports, Kai. Don't give your reports to Windies to deliver, Kai." I scratch the back of my head at the tingling feeling, though the action doesn't really help.

Zuberi steps away from the wall. "Something the matter? You keep touching your head like something hurts."

I shrug, and spin in one place. Embarrassing to admit. "This is a brand new vessel. Lost my last one in a really stupid way. And so I wake up, I do about two months of inventory and filing and other such things to give me time to reconsider how to do my job better, and then the Boss calls me in to give me this job, this vessel, and. Um. Another Ethereal Force. As he put it, 'So that you might form more successful plans of action.' And it itches. I've had it for less than a day, and my mind still feels all strange. Like things have gotten too sharp around the edges."

The Malakite pats me on the shoulder, and it reminds me terribly of how Dedan, ever formal Cherub of Judgment, used to do the same thing. "Poor kid," he says, and he is likely older than I am, knows it full well if he's been reading whatever file Lightning has for me. "Force-grafting can be disconcerting for the first few days. How many Ethereal Forces did you have before?"

"Two."

He winces. "I can see how that would... yeah. What happened?"

"I was working on this little Impudite, see. Fuzzy side of redemption bait, not the obvious type that just needs a little shove, but close enough to be worth the time. Servitor of Baal, you know how those War-types can get about honor and the like."

"They don't have any proper honor," says the Malakite, who would know.

"No, but some of them believe they should, and it's something to work on. Anyway." I keep my hands locked behind me, gripping each wrist, and pace around a table. "We meet up this one time and he's starting to flip out, babbling about how much trouble he could get in. What they would do to him if anyone found out. And what I should have done was push harder, get him to break through and make a commitment. But. Instead I backed off, told him to think about it a while longer. No rush."

"He thought you were weak," murmurs Zuberi.

"Exactly. It was stupid. That might have worked with some types, but it was an inappropriate response for the situation, Word, demon in particular, you name it. The next time we were supposed to meet..." I let one hand free to wave in the air. "It's a bit fuzzy around the edges from Trauma, but I got jumped by... I don't know how many of them. Went down hard. I'm told my vessel ended up in pieces. Double-digit pieces, even."

"Rough. Especially for your type, that goes through Trauma." He says that as if he's forgotten his is the only Choir that doesn't. "But you must be doing good work in general, or the Boss wouldn't be giving you this job."

"Oh, sure. I've done pretty well, as 'achieving stated mission objectives' goes. Right down the checklist. But I really screwed up on that."

"So you'll do fine on this job, and get back into the swing of things."

"I hope so." And because I would rather admit it than not, "You know what makes it even worse? Going after that demon wasn't my job. Was working on it at the same time as another project. Got too confident, or something."

"Hey, don't beat yourself up over it," says the Malakite. "You recognize the mistake, you'll do better next time." He grabs the mug I left behind in the pacing, fills it up, and hands it to me. "So you really like the piccolo? Hadn't ever made one of those before, so it took a few tries to get it right."

"It's great. Best gift I've received since the motorcycle."

"Coming from an Ofanite, I'll take that as a serious compliment."

Jack swung Sharon off the motorcycle, and kissed her. "How are you holding up?"

"Still awake, though I'm not sure I could do any driving. I need dinner and a nap." She covered up a sudden yawn. "Okay, mostly awake. What time is it?"

Jack checked his watch. "Three in the morning. Looks like it's time for another 24-hour diner. Sorry about that."

"I don't mind. Yay on pancakes." Sharon gave him a sleepy thumbs-up. "Lead the way."

Over dinner Jack spread out the contents of his pockets to decide what he wanted to keep, and what ought to be distributed. Half the cash went back into one pocket, while most everything else was swept aside for disposal. "What do you think we should do with the money this time?"

Sharon drank down a glass of cranberry juice, and took a moment to revel in being able to afford as many refills as she wanted. "See if we can find a church with one of those charity donation boxes outside? Or stick it in an envelope and mail to, what's her name, that woman we ran into over in Portland."

"What, the lawyer with the glasses--"

"No, not her, the other one. The librarian with the pentacle--"

"Oh, right. Hit a library tomorrow to look up an address?"

"Works for me." Sharon poked through credit cards and sports tickets. Came across a familiar sort of cell phone. "Where'd you get this one?"

"The uptight Seraph at the last stop."

"Aw, Jack, you know how Sparkies get when you run off with their toys." She swiped the phone and dropped it into her own pocket for relative safekeeping. Not that Jack couldn't take it right back if he wanted to, but he usually respected her pockets.

"Exactly why they need to lose 'em once in a while. Keeps them from depending too much on that sort of thing, and reminds them of the transient nature of possessions." He had such an innocent smile she couldn't help but dissolve into giggles. "Besides, I'm pointing out the flaws in their security. Helping them learn better how to guard against further theft from serious directions."

"You have an excuse for everything, don't you?" She waved a forked bit of pancake at him. "You're a troublemaker, you know that? An incorrigible scoundrel."

"A shiftless delinquent rogue," Jack said, and snatched her hand to kiss it. "And don't you know it. What would your mother say?"

"That you ought to be better armed. Or at least, that's what she said when we stopped by for dinner."

"I'm not disreputable enough to make your mother nervous. I need to try harder."

They found a motel to crash in, and after a time Jack left to wreak havoc elsewhere. Sharon curled up around a pillow, fell asleep.

Woke up when the door opened. "Jack?"

"Hey, babe." As always, nearly invisible in the doorway. She'd picked up his taste for black clothing, but could never disappear into the darkness the way he could. A dark shape bent down to kiss her. "Sorry, didn't mean to wake you up."

"That's okay." One arm over her, weight on the bed behind her, and she could feel as safe as any Cherub's attuned. "Have fun?"

"Mm. Ran into a little trouble. Nothing I couldn't take care of."

"Need healing?"

"No, babe. I'm fine. Just a little... head buzz."

Sharon froze. "Jack--"

"Don't worry about it." He kissed the back of her neck. "I'll take care of it at the next Tether we hit. These things happen, right?" Jack's fingers wrapped in hers. "Get some more sleep. We can head out in the morning."

She fell asleep again, but uneasily.

They lingered for a late breakfast and a library visit, then hit the roads as soon as the envelope was in the mail. A few miles down the road they abandoned the bike in favor of an SUV that, as Jack put it, could stand to be used for more than city streets. Sharon kicked her feet up on the dash and pulled out the phone. "So which Tether are we heading to?"

"There's no rush. I figured we could swing through a few other places first, work our way around to that one burned hill. Fire Tethers are good place to work off problems without getting Judgment breathing down your neck."

"We could head straight there--"

"And where's the fun in that? Come on, we can hit a half dozen more places before we need to head in that direction."

"Hey, you're the one driving." Sharon pulled out the cell phone, and cycled through the stored numbers. Only one name that seemed familiar, though she couldn't quite remember who it belonged to. "What do you want to do first?"

"Start with rerouting a few street signs, work our way up from there?"

"Sounds good to me." Sharon dropped her feet to pull open the glove box. "Hey, Jack, do you remember that time when we grabbed the TVs for an entire block of houses in the suburbs, and put them all back in different houses? We ought to do more stuff like that. The aftermath of that one was inspiring."

"If Kai were still with us, sure," Jack said. "But those are her sorts of plans. Breaking and entering is more my style."

"We should go see her again. It's been months." She tried for a casual tone, and was relieved to see that Jack didn't pick up anything else.

"Not a bad idea. Poor Wheel's probably lost half her sense of humor and most of her spin, working for Lightning. What say we track her down and shake up her life a little?"

"Track her down, sure. But not too much shaking, please."

"Spoilsport. How should we go about finding her?"

Sharon waved the phone. "Work out a trade? I'll call someone up, see if I can get them to tell us where to find her in exchange for the phone back. I mean, we're her friends, they wouldn't have any reason to turn us down."

"It's worth a try."

They pulled into the parking lot of a mediocre steak house for lunch, and then Jack left Sharon to browse a convenience store for a new tube of toothpaste while he went to acquire another car. Sharon waited until he was well out of sight, and then dialed up the name she hoped was who she remembered.

"Dr. Olson speaking, how may I help you?" The voice on the other end was cool and professional, and marvelously familiar.

"Zif? It's Sharon. Um. If you remember me, I used to run around with Kai for a while..."

A slight pause. "I remember, yes. How did you get this number?"

Sharon was unsurprised that the Cherub would ask that question. "Jack swiped a Sparky's phone. I figured I'd mail it back to a Tether, but I wanted to call first. Is there any chance I could get Kai's current address?"

"He's on a job," said Zif, and Sharon chewed on her lip. A pronoun switch meant a vessel switch, which probably meant the Ofanite had hit Trauma again. "I can pass on a message, though, if you'd like."

"Yeah, it's just..." Sharon walked out of the store, took a good look around her. No sign of Jack. "I'd really like to go see her -- him. It's kinda important. I don't if you could work out a place we could meet with Kai or something?"

"What's the matter, Sharon?"

"It's..." She leaned back against a wall, and hated herself for saying it. "I'm worried about Jack, Zif. He has at least two notes of dissonance, and he keeps saying he'll stop by a Tether to work it off but he never does, and Nip left when they got into an argument about something and now I don't know what to do, Zif. He keeps telling me he's fine. But I figure if he'll listen to anyone, he'll listen to Kai."

A longer pause, and she could hear something being written on the other end. Please, she thought, please don't be contacting Judgment, Jack would never forgive me.

"I'll give you the name of a place within easy reach of Kai's current position," Zif said, "and let him know that you'll be in the area soon. Please return the phone as soon as possible."

"I'll get it in the mail today. Thank you."

"Sharon? I'm going to give you another phone number. If anything should happen, I want you to call that number right away." There were unpleasant portents in how Zif said "anything". "That's the condition of giving you this information. Understood?"

"Where does that number go to?"

"Tell me that you'll call if the situation turns worse, Sharon."

"Promise." She could see Jack in a car entering the parking lot.

When the Mercurian found her again, Sharon was paying for toothpaste at the counter. "Ready to go?" he asked, one arm over her shoulders. The clerk gave him an unpleasant look.

"Ready as ever." They walked to the new car. "And, hey, good news. Managed to convince them to give me an address in exchange for the phone. Not where he's staying now, but close enough to meet up."

"Great." Jack paused, hand under the dash to hot wire the car. "Wait, Kai lost a vessel again?"

"Sounds like."

"Kid just can't keep himself in one piece without me around." Jack shook his head. "That's what comes of working for a Word where they're more worried about some abstract ideal than about individuals. He never should've signed up with them."

"She seemed happy in her job the last time we saw her."

"That's Ofanim for you. Give them something fast to drive and they're happy." Jack's hands drummed on the steering wheel as they pulled out into traffic. "We should stop by as soon as possible and see how he's doing. Make sure they're treating him right, not sending him off into anything more dangerous than he can handle."

Sharon tucked the phone away in her pocket, and stared straight ahead. "Yeah. Let's do that."

Cory and I meet at my favorite coffee shop, nominally to work out the plans for the next Bright Lilim get-together, but in practice to catch up with each other in a neutral setting. She drinks sugary drinks topped with whipped cream, which strikes me as atypical for a Servitor of Michael.

"So," I say, once we're both somewhere private, "how much longer until they let you back on Earth?"

"Another month, at least." Cory plays with one of the Geas-bracelets on her wrist. "I still think they're over-reacting. My friends lose vessels all the time, and no one yells at them over it."

"Your friends are Malakim, Cory." I lean back in a too-soft chair, and try not to pull out my notebook. I'm not supposed to work while I'm on break. They can't stop me from thinking about work, but Gariel insists I do something unrelated every so often, and I try to comply. "I would guess that they're more concerned with what precipitated the event. What were you thinking?"

"It seemed like a good idea at the time. Mother's Day is one of the more popular and sentimental holidays out there. I was only trying to be nice."

"The card was a bad idea."

"It was a perfectly good card!"

"Yes, but when you wrote 'Wish you were here' inside--"

"It was true." Cory sighs. "Is it so wrong for me to love our Mother? Or to want her here with us? I know your opinion on her, but I remember..." She sucks the whipped cream off her drink, and doesn't finish the sentence.

"Expressing it is unwise. I think that what they were yelling at you about, Cory, was the part where you included a return address on the envelope. You were lucky to only lose a vessel."

"Oh. Well. On reflection, that part was a bad idea. Next time I'll just pay for tracking, if I want to know that it arrived." She stares thoughtfully into the air for a moment. "Maybe next year I'll send flowers instead."

"Now you're just trying to give people headaches."

"What, and the Windies should have all the fun?"

A Mercurian enters the shop, flower wreathe in her hair and wispy sundress dangling from the edges of her shoulders. Several blessed souls give her surreptitious glances, and no few angels as well. Cory frowns to see her. "She's a ways from her garden, isn't she?"

"Be nice. The nature of Trade includes people of all sorts coming together, doesn't it?" Cory's expression remains resolutely disapproving. "And if Lin heard you thought that way about her fellow Servitors, she would become... tearful."

Cory twitches. "Heaven forbid. I remember how long it took to calm her down the last time Daane made that one comment. No, I have no problem with Flowers coming in for coffee. I only wish they didn't have to flaunt it."

"Flaunt what?" The Mercurian is, so far as I can determine, politely acquiring a beverage and then flirting with a table of blessed souls in a cheerfully impartial manner.

"That whole... thing! Fluffy. Chipper. Pacifist. Like relievers who never grew up. Gives the rest of us a bad name. Makes you wonder if they do any thinking behind those happy vacant eyes."

I take another sip of my coffee. "Says the one who sent a card with a return address to a demonic Tether." My Boss's opinion of Novalis and her philosophy is less than positive, but there's no need to be gratuitously rude.

The flower-decked Mercurian leaves the souls, and moves over to where the two of us are sitting. She leans down over the back of Cory's chair. "I won't try to argue about how many of us might or might not be vacant-eyed," she murmurs, "but some of us have very good hearing."

Cory stands up. "I'll see you later," she says, pointedly keeping her back to the Mercurian, and leaves the shop with her drink half-finished on the table.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset her; I was only teasing." The Mercurian takes Cory's seat. "My name is Grete. You're Emmanuel, of Lightning, correct?"

"Correct." I suppose there can't be that many Sparky Brights floating through Heaven at the moment. "I go by Mannie. Was there something you needed?"

"An hour of your time, if you'd give it." She speaks more seriously than I would expect from Flowers. "There was someone who asked for you by name."

"I'm afraid I have, ah, projects to work on." None of which are urgent at this precise moment, but that can change quickly.

Grete puts two fingers to her lips. "I see. Would you be able to schedule in time soon, if you're busy right now? The demon who asked--"

"I'm not interested." That came out less politely than I'd intended. Old habits die hard. I stand up, remembering to take my coffee with me; Maharang can return the cup. "You'll forgive me if I'd rather not interact with any demons who happen to know me by name."

"I do wish you'd reconsider," Grete says. "We believe that it--"

"No. I'd rather not."

It isn't atypical for breaks to leave me eager to return to work, which is perhaps part of why Gariel insists I take them. This time I find myself more irritated at the request than focused on my work, once I return to the office, and that's another level of annoyance to have it distracting me. I begin to understand why the Boss recommends avoiding extended interaction with Servitors of Novalis.

Irritation finally dissolves to the demands of work, and I spend a pleasant hour working out more efficient power systems for a prototype. I'll need to run field tests to ensure the wiring won't be raising interference patterns, but even those details should fall into place soon enough.

Maharang bangs in through the reliever flap on the door. "Mannie," it says, in a tiny exasperated voice, "there's a reliever out here who wants to see you, and it won't go away."

"If it believes the matter is that urgent, let it come in." My favorite reliever sometimes takes its duties as my assistant too seriously.

Maharang's wings droop. "But... Oh, okay. But it's not a proper Sparky reliever, that's for sure." It flies back to the flap and holds it open. "You can come in, then."

The reliever that enters is smaller than mine, and the patterns on its wings are distinctly... floral. It smiles sweetly at me, and hands me a daisy. "Got a message," it says, shyly. "For you."

I have a dreadful suspicion about this, but dread gets no work done. "Go ahead, Helper." Maharang rolls its eyes, and drops onto my shoulder to listen in.

The new reliever closes its eyes, clutching a second daisy, and slowly begins to recite. "A message from Grete, Mercurian Friend of the Gardeners, Seneschal of the Desert Botanical Garden. To Emmanuel, Bright Lilim of Lightning. Greetings! I respectfully request an hour of your time within the confines of my Tether, by the blessing of my Lady the Archangel of Flowers, for discussions regarding matters which you may have experience in. Please send word as to when you might be able to assist me in this matter, at your convenience. Regards, and peace be with you." It opens its eyes again, and settles down on my desk, stepping around the cup of coffee. "Got a message for me? To take back?"

"Not... yet." It has such wide, trusting eyes. Like Maharang, when my reliever first burst into my office to name off all the types of angels it had counted. "I'll need to speak with my supervisor about this." And request that he say I should do nothing of the sort. "I'll send word later."

"Going to speak with Gariel next," says the reliever. "Got a message for him too. Asking for permission for your time. Can ask him for you, if you want." It holds up its remaining flower to demonstrate the message it still needs to carry. "Want me to?"

"No. Thank you."

It nods, and leaves through the reliever flap. Finally. And I begin to understand what I've been told about Novalis, but not seen before. Avoiding violence doesn't make her a pushover or weak-willed.

Maharang sniffs, and stalks back and forth across my desk. "They shouldn't be asking for your time. You have important work! And things to do! And work, and stuff."

"If she's speaking to my supervisor, it's out of my hands. Gariel will make a reasonable decision." I reach for my coffee, and find I've finished it off. "Would you get me another cup? And see if you can find Kai; it's probably still doing inventory."

"Oh! I forgot!" Maharang clasps its hands over its mouth. "I was going to tell you when I finished class, but then you were gone on break, and then Teresa asked me to deliver a message, and I got to talking with Nosha about the new classes, and then when I got back there was that other reliever there, and I completely forgot!" Its eyes begin to go teary around the edges. "And Kai asked me to tell you and I didn't and I'm so sorry!"

"Maharang, kid. I'm not angry. I'm sure it wasn't urgent, or it would have called. Go ahead and tell me what the message was."

"Right. Um." My poor little reliever scrubs its eyes for a moment. "The Boss called it up, for a new job on Earth. Got a new vessel, and Kai wanted me to tell you for sure, a new Ethereal Force. Says it's going to be more careful this time, so not to worry, and it'll call at least twice a week. I'm sorry, I was going to tell you right away--"

"It's fine." And because relievers usually find running errands a source of happiness, I pass my mug to Maharang. "Why don't you go get me a cup of coffee? When you return, you can tell me about those new classes."

"Right. Right! I'll get right on that." Maharang dashes out with the mug in hands, post-haste. It's getting big for the reliever flap; another Force and I'll have to either make the flap larger, or ask it to start using the door.

It's just as well that Kai's been sent back to Earth again. I knew it was only a matter of time; he's of more use there, and happier there. I can't help the feeling of unease; I worry every time he's off preparing to run full-tilt into demons and see who flinches first. Most of the time my worries are left unneeded as he returns with stories of success or near escape, but the one time I returned to my office to find a comatose Ofanite floating there, deep in Trauma... It's hard to feel sanguine.

My much-neglected laptop chimes at me. I tavoid using the thing aside from necessities like email; I've never been comfortable with computers. They'd be useful enough in moderate quantities, but I dislike how people depend so much on a single set of devices. Especially a machine that's too finicky and delicate for me to build by hand. I don't mention this personal preference very often; the last time it came up in public, three Elohite Sparkies promptly conjured up computers to give me tutorials on the wonders of computing as well as one Seraph with the attunement.

Gariel wants a meeting with me. About the message from Flowers, no doubt. If I'm lucky, he'll be of the same mind on the matter as I am, and let me know how to politely refuse future requests. I leave a note for Maharang on the desk before I leave.

My supervisor's office is efficiently located in a position to minimize travel time from as many offices of the angels he supervises as possible. As I'm the most recent addition to his group, that leaves me with a walk time that remains on the outer edges of acceptable efficiency levels.

Gariel's door stands open when I arrive. He flicks one of his wings towards the door. I close it behind me, and sit down.

"A Servitor of Flowers requests your time."

"I received a message from her too." Two of Gariel's eyes blink; he hadn't heard that. "And was ambushed in a coffee shop by her, before that. Though I hadn't realized at the time that she was a Seneschal."

He shifts in his coils, and I see that the daisy is sitting in a mug half-filled with water, at the corner of his desk. "I usually deny these requests. Flowers doesn't appreciates the necessities of Lightning."

"But this time... you see fit to do otherwise?"

"Reasonable arguments. A small request. Speak with this Seneschal promptly." Gariel flicks aside a bit of paper on his desk. "Your next project will be complex. Time spent now prevents delays later."

"Understood." I feel my wings flick out from my back, and then back in again. It's a nervous reaction I haven't learned to suppress. "I would, ah, prefer not to. If there's any doubt on this matter."

"Zif sees no harm." His eyes blink in pairs, down the rows. "I expect you'll do your best."

Now that I've been guilted into it, of course. "I'll go take care of that immediately, then."

The Seraph nods, and returns to his work. He never would have expected otherwise of me.

There are disadvantages to being considered dependable; one can't throw a temper tantrum on the few occasions that one would like to be unreasonable, not without raising significant concern from all around. Teresa can throw a screaming fit every week and no one so much as blinks, aside from the newest relievers or visitors to the Halls of Progress. If I start snarling, Maharang asks what's wrong in a worried voice until I tone down my response.

For the first time, it occurs to me that my reliever might not have become attached to me by chance, no matter what either of us observed to be the case.

I leave another note for Maharang in my office, and compose an email to Nosha postponing our next meeting. I would far rather spend my time on work and in the company of friends than talking to or about whatever miserable demon this Seneschal has dredged up from my past. Most of my coworkers were incompetent, or so distracted by politics and backstabbing each other as to appear so. The competent ones were rare, and usually insane. There's not a one of them who I'd like to meet again, unless accompanied by several heavily-armed Malakim.

Maharang flies in just as I've sent the email to Nosha. "Coffee! New blend, so if it's really good, tell me, and I'll let the Seraph know to send this kind again. He says he has a new Kyriotate working for him, and it has all sorts of ideas about how to mix things."

"Thank you." I take a sip, and make a mental note to be wary of Kyriotate cooking in any form. "I'm about to head out again, but I should be back in a few hours. If you're out of projects, Teresa could use help compiling the preliminary data the research group has been sending, so that we'll be ready to go when the rest arrives."

"I'll do that." It hovers in front of the door. "Mannie, before you go, could I ask you for permission to do something?"

"Certainly." I have no objections to a plausible excuse for delaying this unpleasant little chore.

"Well. It's like this." Maharang sits down cross-legged in the chair Nosha usually occupies, staring up at me gravely. "I was talking with Teresa about classes, and she sent me to talk to someone else, and, well, they're starting another round of Earth-experience classes. The ones where they teach you how to do everything properly on the corporeal plane, and hold a Role, and use a vessel, important stuff like that."

"I don't mind at all if you wanted to take those classes, Maharang. Plenty of relievers want to go down to Earth when they fledge. If anything, you shouldn't let running errands for me get in the way of your studies."

"Oh, it doesn't! I have plenty of time between classes. But, Mannie." Maharang folds its hands together in its lap. "The thing is, there are going to be some new places opening up for Role-building work. Long-term stuff for relievers. And there's this one Role that the teacher said I'd be perfect for, it's a little girl who's going to grow up wanting to know everything about science, a perfect Role for someone else to use later, really solid. And he said I could apply for that job when it's ready, about three months from now, if I took all the right classes first. And I want to. But I don't want to just leave you here, either, when you need an assistant."

No more friendly voice to chatter in my ear or peer down at my work from a perch on my shoulder, and I'd need to find any random reliever to send out for coffee or delivering messages. No more talks about Maharang's latest classes. It took the name I used to wear, because I wasn't using it anymore. Wanted to be a Bright Lilim when it grew up, no matter that everyone told it this was impossible.

"Of course you can go, Maharang." I step over to the chair, and scoop it up in two hands. It doesn't fit so neatly in that space as it once used to. "I'll miss you if you go to Earth, but I can find someone else to help me. Even if it does take a few weeks to teach them the filing system."

"Thank you, Mannie." It wraps its arms around one of mine. "You're the best angel ever." It leaps up into the air again. "I'm keeping you late when you're trying to go to an appointment! Sorry, and thank you!" It dashes out the reliever flap before I can say anything more.

Which leaves me to my newest duty.

Walking still feels more natural to me than flying, but flying is faster for where I'm going, so once outside the Halls of Progress I spread out my wings and take to the air. The Glade stretches out green below me in short order, a riot of vegetation and inhabitants.

When I land, my feet sink into soft grass. A disconcerting surface to walk on, after proper tiled floors and stone paths. Two Cherubim, deer and tapir, pause in their chase of each other to move in my direction. "Welcome to the Glade," says the deer-Cherub, fluttering her wings. "May I direct you anywhere?"

"For shame," says the other Cherub. "You assume that he's new."

"Oh, I would have remembered if I'd seen him about here before." The first one leaps into the air, all four feet at once, and lands again neatly on her hooves. "Are you looking for a particular person, a location? Or did you want to join in one of the parties? There's a whole group of Creationers setting up instruments for a concert not far from here, and even to hear them warm up is lovely. Or if you only wanted to wander here, and perhaps wanted quieter company..." She smiles up at me.

If realizing an Elohite is flirting with me can be disconcerting, having a Flowers Cherub make that sort of expression at me is doubly so. "I'm looking for a place. Or a person, either will do. Grete, a Seneschal--"

"I know the way!" She leaps into the air again, and then turns to nose at the tapir-Cherub. "If you'll excuse me, dearest." Having received a touch I would call a kiss in a being more human-aspected, the Cherub trots along ahead of me. "If you'd just follow me? The path has some marvelous views."

I walk alongside her, hands in my pockets. "Is it far? I'd like to take care of this quickly."

"No time to smell the roses?" The Cherub laughs. "Oh, don't look at me like that, I'm no Windy to take you about in circles for the fun of it. The Tether entrance isn't far."

We pass through archways covered in vines, and walk along twisting paths between tall flowered bushes. Flocks of relievers scurry over our heads from time to time, playing indecipherable games. "I can't see how you find anything in here, amidst all this confusion."

"And I would find the Halls of Progress equally strange," says the Cherub, "if I've read your Word correctly. Straight lines and elevators, all those corridors... Don't you ever want to be able to look up and see the sky above you?"

"Not especially." I push a low-hanging branch out of my way, that she was able to walk under. It leaves my hand sticky and smelling of plant matter. "I find it easier to concentrate inside a set location where I can minimize distractions."

"What, no surprises?" She turns her head over one shoulder to bat eyelashes at me. I am definitely staying far away from the Glade in the future. "Sounds boring."

"In my line of work, a surprise usually means that something that ought to work has failed catastrophically. I prefer the predictable."

"To each their own. I like surprises, though." The Cherub dashes suddenly around a hedge, and when I follow her, I find myself standing in front of a tall archway where two trees twist there branches together. "Surprise! And here we are. Little Helper," she says, to a reliever that swoops out of the trees towards us like a glittering bird, "would you go tell Grete that there's someone come to see her?"

"Absoindubitalutely, sir!" It salutes, and vanishes down the Tether.

"Oh dear. What sort of company has that one been keeping? Relievers are so impressionable at that age." The Cherub looks concerned, much as I might if Maharang suddenly declared it wanted nothing more than to spend the day playing with relievers of Animals and learning to speak with the souls of aardvarks.

"I wouldn't worry. The reliever who helps me in my office spent its first few months insisting it would be a Bright Lilim when it grew up, but finally dropped the subject. They go through phases."

"I suppose so." She leaps into the air, flaps her wings once, and hovers there with all four hooves tucked neatly beneath her. "Shall I wait for you here on your return, to guide you back?"

"Thank you, but I'm sure I can find my way back out once I get above the ground."

"As you'd wish," she says, and sets her feet back on the ground. "Go in peace."

Considering that I'm about to be walking about in a Tether of Flowers, I doubt I have much choice.

The reliever pops out of the Tether again. "She says to come on down, thankyouverykindly, sir!" It snaps another salute at me, and goes back to lurking in the branches, presumably to leap out at passersby and salute them.

Downstairs, I pull my familiar old vessel back on. Unlike certain friends of mine, I've never had any other, and I've spent more time in this vessel than in celestial form.

"I'm glad you could come," says Grete, and sounds as if she means it. In this form, she wears practical, sturdy clothing, and her pants are marked with smudges of pale dirt. "I'll explain as we go, if you'd follow me?"

Here in her own Tether, Grete wields more power than any other creature who might enter, actual Superiors aside. But she passes inconspicuously through straggling crowds of visitors leaving the building. "The gardens are closing in a few minutes," she explains, as we step outside into baked-hot air. "Once more of the crowds have cleared, we'll have some privacy."

Low vegetation and walking trails stretch out around us. A near-full moon creeps above the horizon in the twilight hours. I pull off my jacket in the lingering heat. "I wouldn't have expected your Boss to have one of these in a desert."

"Even the desert grows flowers, Mannie. People speak about a desert as if that meant absence of life, but it's as full as any swamp or savannah." She runs her fingers through the leaves of the plants set about the trail as we walk. "Some would say that the rarity of the desert wildflowers, and the way they grow out of such harsh conditions, make the flowers all the more beautiful."

Grete leads us away down a beaten dirt trail, further from the main buildings, as in the distance a recorded voice announces that the botanical gardens are now closed for the night. "Thank you for coming. I realize you'd rather not meet with those you used to work with. If she hadn't asked for you specifically, I wouldn't have made this request."

"Why does she want to see me?" For all I know this demon has one of the names I forgot when I lost an Ethereal Force to the pains of redemption, and I'll have no memory of her, nothing of use to say.

For a moment, I find myself with the hope that it's one particular demon I once knew -- but it's unlikely. Strange, though, that there is an old coworker I would want to see, at least under these circumstances. Aglaya was one of the competent, insane ones, but I can have... hope.

"I'd rather let her speak for herself. She could use the practice." Grete stretches out her arms, and looks up at the sky. "It's a lovely night. A pity you can't stay for long; we have a telescope set up behind the library."

We come to an open circle in the path, with benches set up around the edges, and educational plaques on either end. Curled up with her feet beneath her, a young woman bends over a pad of paper, scribbling something out in the fading light.

"Tina," I say, and her head jerks up, eyes wide. She hasn't changed much since I last saw her; vessel designed to hit the geeky-cute aesthetic, a startled expression never sure if she ought to cower or try to explain. A baby Balseraph who spends more time lying to herself than to anyone else, trying to convince herself that she's competent and destined for greatness. Never showed any evidence of either. "What do you want?"

"You came." She stands up in sudden, awkward stages, as if she never learned how to wear a vessel properly. "I didn't think you would, I mean, I hoped, but I didn't think you would come, if you were really there, because they said you weren't there, I mean, not up there there, but--"

"Tina." I don't have the patience to deal with her babble right now. "Yes, I'm here. What did you want?"

She stumbles towards me, one foot after another, and I see she isn't holding a lined notebook, but a pad of drawing paper. Her fingers are smudged with charcoal. "I wanted. Um. To see if it was true. What they said." She takes a long quivery breath. "Because if you can do that, maybe I can. Too. Maybe I can. If you can."

Grete unties a sweater from around her waist, and pulls it on. The air's growing quickly colder, as the sun falls. "This Tether is quiet," she says. "We're still well within its bounds. There will be no noise, if you take your true form here." With the slightest emphasis on true.

I have never liked Tina, nor thought highly of her. But it's a small thing to ask.

I drop my vessel, the Essence spent to push it away somehow muted from disturbance, and take my celestial form. Very little difference, aside from the touch of pale aura that surrounds me, and my wings. Those I spread wide for her to see, all the blue lightning fractals displayed.

"Oh," says Tina, and she covers her mouth with both hands. "Oh. It's true."

I pull my vessel back on. "Yes, Lilim can redeem. And yes, it happened to me." I can't possibly say I managed or I was able to do it when all the terrible, beautiful process was the work of the Archangel of Lightning, holding my Forces together as I became something new. "They told you I was only a Renegade, didn't they?"

Tina nods rapidly. "Said there's no such thing as a, a Bright Lilim. That you were working for the other side, but that's all. And then they started calling for everyone who you had Geases and hooks in to come tell them, and I knew, I knew they'd never let me out again if I said, but they had to know, everyone knew how you could always hook the people working for you, and I broke my Heart and I ran and." She takes a deep, gulping breath. "Nearly got dead a bunch of times, but I didn't, and then they found me, and said they'd help me. That I could actually. Try to be something else." Her fists clench. "Can I? Can I really?"

"I don't know, Tina. Some can. Some can't. Not even Superiors can always tell."

"Yeah. Yeah, that's what I hear. But I'll be okay, I know that I'll--" She stops abruptly, and shakes her head. "No! I'm not going to tell myself it's okay. Because I don't know. Not gonna. Lie. Anymore."

I'd expected to be annoyed at the inconvenience of this all, angry at old coworkers and subordinates who so often threw my projects into disarray, even concerned that it could be a trap with a Servitor of Flowers deluded into thinking the best of what a demon said.

I did not expect it to hurt.

"Anyway," says Tina, in a low voice, "I wanted to say thank you. For letting me get away. That time when you got all the Zappers -- the Lightning angels into the lab. Because if I'd gone and lost my vessel, they wouldn't have given me another one. Only let me stay around because I already had a vessel and it was easier than getting someone new." She looks up at me, with a strange hope in her eyes. "Did you do it because you thought I might be able to try this, some day? You were a real angel then. Could you see it? To know I didn't belong there?"

It would be so easy to say yes, and reassure her, and be on my way.

"No, Tina. I wasn't thinking of you at all." I do not want to see her hopes break, but it would be cowardly of me to turn away. "I only let you run because I could track you again, and thought I might find another lab to destroy that way. I didn't care for you at all."

"Don't be cruel," says Grete, putting a hand on my arm.

"No! I want. To hear it." Tina lifts her chin until she's looking me in the eyes. "That's the truth. And I wasn't worth much. And you didn't have any reason to save me except how I might be, be useful to you. You didn't care. That was the truth." She takes another quavering breath. "Thank you, then, for telling me the truth. It's what I need to hear."

The night continues to bring the temperature down. I don my jacket. "I ought to go, Tina. I have work to do back in the office."

"In Heaven." Barely a whisper, from her.

"Yes."

"We should go back to the library," says Grete, and she offers the little Balseraph a hand. Tina clings to it fiercely, and the three of us walk back, careful to follow Grete's path in the darkness.

Back inside comfortable walls and under artificial lighting, Tina lets go of Grete's hand. "Can I ask you a question?" She's recovered some fraction of her composure, not that she ever had much to begin with.

"Certainly."

"You didn't care. I know. But. Do you care now?"

Keeping ever to the truth, when speaking to her now. "Maybe a little bit, Tina. It's hard for me to care about demons."

"Okay. That's what I thought." She scurries away, sketchpad clutched to her chest, and closes the door behind her.

"I think you've helped," the Seneschal tells me, and now despite all her grubby clothing and friendly exterior, Grete seems entirely the master of this Tether. "I apologize for saying you were cruel. She needs to hear the truth, even when it hurts."

"How did you get her?" I ought to be running back to my office right now, but curiosity has settled down on me once again.

"A Seraph found her. A Dominican, even. Read through her lies to know the Truth of what she was, and moved to kill her." Grete smiles wryly. "And I don't know what happened next, because the Seraph refused to speak about it, and all Tina would say was that he had pity when she cried before him. But he brought the child here. Hoping to wash his hands of the affair, I imagine. He seemed quite discomforted."

"I don't know what you'll do with her." Poor little Tina, always longing for the day she'd lord it over the rest of us. "She can't wash a vial without breaking it, or turn on a burner without catching herself on fire."

"And yet, you should see the pictures she can draw, when given materials and a quiet space." Grete smiles at me. "We'll take care of her. Thank you for your help. If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know."

That ought to be a dangerous offer, directed towards a Lilim of any stripe. And I could turn it down entirely, but... curiosity ever drives me forward. "Only one request. If she does attempt redemption, and survive, would you send word to me?"

"I'd be happy to do so."

Back in the Glade, a jumble of relievers fall out of the branches overhead, and resolve into three separate figures before me.

"Find what you need, sir?"

"Welcome back, sir!"

"Need any messages sent, sir?"

The three of them salute in unison, and then fall over each other giggling. It would appear some angel of Novalis has a long day ahead.

"Thank you," I say, "but I don't need anything." And then I take to the skies to return home.

I hoped the city would have some sort of hostel where I could crash, but no such luck. Dropped my bag off in the room of a motel advertising free internet service, and then I hit the streets to explore.

First item on my checklist: locate and identify the lab I'm supposed to investigate. The information I have to work with is so sketchy I can only assume they got vague word of the location from somewhere else, and I'm the first one sent to see if the lead's an actual problem worth opposing.

If the place is publicly known as a research facility, that'll make my job that much easier, so I start off with a quick Symphony ping for known local research labs. And then, perfect route building itself in my mind, I take off to see what I can see.

Lightning work is a world away from what I used to do, when I was still following through on the first job the Boss gave me. There's no time to build long-term connections with the humans anymore, not with the jobs they've been giving me. Finish one thing, and it's time to pack up and move on, go hit another city. Weird thing for an Ofanite to complain about, maybe, but sometimes I wish they'd let me stop running so much. Or give me a circuit. I like getting to know people, and being available if they need me, but the only people I see regularly are the ones upstairs.

I have a solid new Role, and that might be something I can build on. If not in this city, some other place, or even building up connections across the country with people in similar professions. The few places I stopped to take pictures on the way, half to practice and half to settle into the mindset for this Role, weren't anything great, but I have plenty of time yet to learn how it works. Surely there are groups for professional photographers that I can hook myself into.

I hit the twirling grace note in the Symphony on the outskirts of the city, perfect navigating line dropping me off at high walls, and a front gate with a guard house to the side. Neither friendly nor modest, but there's a glorious swarm of color in the autumn leaves that hang over the walls. I suspect the stretches of trees inside were intended for privacy rather than aesthetic purposes, but that doesn't make them duller.

One camera slung around my neck, I park my motorcycle and stride up to the guard house. "Excuse me, but what's this place?"

"Private property," says the guard, and if he has a faintly Djinnish look to him, it's nothing more than your average bored security guard might acquire in the late afternoon. The place can't be too private if the Symphony's led me here; my resonance can do a fine job of finding me a good coffee shop, but doesn't pull out secrets.

The guard leans half out the open window to take a look at my bike. "Have a flat? I can make a call for you if you need a tow." Likelihood of Djinnish nature drops remarkably.

"No, my bike's fine. I stopped to take a look at the trees." I snap the lens cover off my camera. "Is it a problem if I take pictures from here? And, do you know if there's anyone I could contact about a pass to look around inside?"

"Photographer, huh?" The guard shrugs. "I don't see any problem with pictures from outside, but they're not likely to let you in. Got to watch out for all those ecoterrorist whackos out there."

"Pity. The scenery is great." I take several shots of the trees over the walls. They gave me enough film that I don't worry about wasting any on mundane objects. Not that there's anything too mundane about this color. Got to wonder who came up with the idea of plants changing shades seasonally; wouldn't be surprised if Dad handled that part himself. "Why the worry about ecoterrorists?"

"You know how they are. Animal rights nutjobs who'd be happy to toss a thousand rabbits out into the wild to free them, never mind what that would do to the actual local ecology or those poor, caged little bunnies that don't know how to live in the wild. Because that would saaaave them." The guard rolls his eyes. "Like they expect us all to get back to nature and die of preventable diseases, to save the animals." He settles down into a more comfortable position, leaning through the window, as I pace by the wall looking for better angles. "Don't get me wrong, it's not like I'm in favor of cruelty to animals. But sometimes science can't get anywhere without taking certain measures, you know what I mean?"

"Oh, I get what you're saying." There are a few Servitors of Jordi I know who'd be happy to rip the man's throat out for suggesting this, but that's not my area of interest. "What are they researching in there?"

"I don't know. All their technobabble's way over my head. Some disease or the like, I think. There are plenty of patients back there, mostly old folks, a few kids. Maybe some form of cancer?"

"They like to keep it quiet, huh?" I catch the guard in one of my shots, on the extremely low chance that he's a demon with some form of Discord.

"Right. I mean, most everyone knows they're out there, but they don't like any big publicity. Respect for patients' privacy, that sort of thing." He opens up a drawer inside the shack, and goes digging down for something. "Hey, tell you what. If you want, I can go ahead and let the director know you're around and want to take some photos. Maybe see if they wouldn't mind. They'll probably say no, but it's always worth asking, right?"

"Thanks, man. I'd appreciate it." I scribble out the contact info for my motel, and pass it over. "If they needed me to sign a waiver or only shoot in specific areas, I can do that, no problem. What's the name of the place? I didn't see any signs out front."

"It's the Richard Hodges Center." The guard takes another look at my bike as I mount up, and that's a trace of wistfulness on his face behind the professional discontent. "Hey, how fast does that thing go?"

"Pretty fast." I grin at him before my helmet goes on, and then kick out into the road with some serious acceleration.

I track down the nearest coffee shop, and then head out with mobile caffeine to walk the streets. First item of business is to report the name and location of this possibility for further research. Once that's done, I pull up my favorite number to call.

"Hello?" I can tell by the strained tone that he must be deluged in work right now.

"Hey, Mannie. Thought I'd call and see how it's going. Did the research group finally drop in the data for you to work with?" I snap a one-handed shot of some man arguing with a police officer over a parking ticket.

"A veritable avalanche of data, yes," Mannie says. "And despite being three weeks past due, they managed to forget the power readings I wanted, which means now I need to collect them in media res. We have to stop letting these teams that have never done Earth duty perform the original experiments; they act like energy is infinite."

"So yet again you're faced with a design for an item the size of a watch, that requires a two-hundred pound generator on an extension cord to power." A stray dog growls at me from an alley, and I snap its picture. "Sounds like your idea of fun. How long until you get the design down to something that requires a watch battery?"

There's a brief, note-scribbling pause on the other end. "You know me too well, Kai."

"Probably. Want to complain about the original team? I'm happy to listen."

"No, it'll only annoy me further. I asked them to--" Mannie cuts off abruptly. "So what project have you been given this time? More of Aglaya's list?"

"Not this time. More like standard type B work." Which is to say: locate, assess, respond. "It doesn't look too interesting, but I've barely started."

"The last time you said it didn't look interesting, you ended up with, let me see if I recall properly, a newly-redeemed Cherub of Animals, a Vapulan lab burnt to the ground, and a Malakite of the Sword asking pointed questions about your tactics."

"I have perfectly good tactics. It's the strategies that trip me up." I can say this more breezily now that my last failure begins to sink into the distant memory of old mistakes. A new job to leap on, and if I can't step in swinging like I prefer, I can work my way up to the moment where I'm beating a Habbalite over the head with his own Bunsen burner. "He had no reason to complain, as he was the one who jumped in first without asking questions."

"So I recall you saying. Do see if you can avoid beating any more Malakim over the head. They seem to take it poorly."

"There aren't any around here that I know of, so shouldn't be hard." I can make out Maharang's voice in the distance. "Sounds like something just arrived for you. Should I let you go?"

"Apparently so. Be careful."

"Don't worry." I put the phone away, and do a quick spin on one foot. Enough to get me an odd look from one businessman hurrying by, and a smile from a little boy being dragged down the street by one hand.

At a quarter to six I take up a position near the road between the research center and the rest of the city, and wait for the cars to start passing. Even if some of the staff has quarters there, people would notice if everyone stayed there for the night. And a property that large, with some sort of patients, probably isn't entirely demonically staffed. Now, the tricky part is figuring out if it's Vapulan-founded and run, Vapulan-controlled, Vapulan-infiltrated, or a bad lead.

Life was simpler when my job consisted of teaching ballet to kids, and occasionally thwacking a demon who wandered through town. But it stands to figure that working for Lightning would make me do a lot more thinking that I used to. I snap photos of the people in cars that pass, and look like I'm aiming for the trees that still hold red and brown leaves above me. Another week and they'll all be fallen.

My phone zaps me, and I twitch. Some day, I will convince the design team to make the silent mode vibrate instead of snapping out an electrical shock. Haven't yet. I yank it out of my pockets, and I wasn't expecting to get a call from Zif. We've talked now and then, but she's Mannie's Cherub, and we usually don't have much in common beyond hanging around him at the same time. "Hello?"

"Kai. Jack and Sharon are coming to see you." To the point as always. "They're about an hour outside the town I directed them towards, not far from your location. The one to your north. If you're not otherwise engaged, would you go meet with them there?"

"Of course." Haven't seen Jack in -- well, at least since before my last round with the complete un-fun of Trauma, and probably a few months before that. I'm always up for a visit with the oldest friend, even if he makes me change half my plans.

And maybe another Ethereal Force is doing me some good, because I remember to ask, "Why are you calling me about this? I'm glad to hear it, but you're not the vector I'd expect this kind of information from."

"Sharon called me to find out where you were. I didn't think it would be wise to give her the location of your current assignment."

"Stole a phone, huh?"

"And didn't realize we could track it."

I laugh at that. "Which would explain how you know where they are. I'll go say hello and see what trouble they're getting into. Thanks for giving me the message. Anything else you wanted to tell me?"

"Mm. Sharon's worried about Jack, and seems to be trying to keep this from him. If it doesn't interfere with your work, look into that."

"Worried about what?" I can think of a half dozen types of trouble that Mercurian's gotten into before, and he's annoyed people from just about every Word out there (except maybe Animals), but nothing that'd have Sharon trying to call for help without Jack knowing. Unless he's gotten into one of those situations where he thinks he can handle it, and anyone else can see he can't.

"Dissonance," Zif says. "I trust you'll be able to assess the situation." The line cuts off. She isn't the sort for more words than are necessary, especially on a matter so peripheral to her duties.

It's not so peripheral-feeling to me, though.

Working for Creation meant I never had to worry about Word dissonance; be cool, Dad said, and I tried my best to stick to that, did what I thought he'd approve of, had a triad come by to check on me when he wasn't around, no problems there. One time I got too self-turned about something I'd been forced into, stopped moving anywhere out of all sorts of stupid self-pity, but I dealt with that, Dad wiped my dissonance clean, and that was it. Never been much tempted to stop moving since, that really nasty week of being caught by the Game aside. I'm an angel, I'm an Ofanite, I'm a servant of the Archangel of Creation, and all of this is what I ever want to be. Going against that? Not on my agenda.

But Jack's a Mercurian, and he's not the happy fluffy kind of Mercurian that demons like to harass. Which is fine when he's up against demons, and I've been glad to have him at my back in just that sort of situation. Anything other than demons... he has a problem. And if Sharon's trying not to show Jack she's worried... he has a serious problem.

Or maybe I'm overreacting, and he accidentally smacked a mummy again.

Either way, I'd like to see him. Traffic conspires against me on the way out of the city, and I laugh it down with my bike. Nothing like being able to sweep in and out between cars on a highway that's turned into a parking lot to brighten my mood.

The town I've been sent to hasn't anything more than the bare necessities required to support stretches of planned living communities. More a suburb than a proper town. I find the best coffee shop in town, and settle down with a newspaper to wait.

Half an hour in, Jack and Sharon sit down on a couch across from me. "How will we find him, she says. How will we recognize him, she says." Jack picks up one of the cranes I've folded out of a napkin. "There are only so many coffee shops in this place to choose from."

"Jack. It's good to see you." I leave my chair to drop between them on the couch, and give a hug to each. "What sort of mischief have you been getting up to of late?"

"Mischief? You wound me, Kai. I've been up to the level of mayhem for years." He grins down at me, though it's not so far down as it used to be. "This place is half past dead. Let's find somewhere else to talk. Quieter or noisier, but not this washed-out pop music place."

"They do good coffee."

"Doesn't justify their taste in music."

I let myself be hauled out of the shop, because I'd as soon be walking anyway. I find it easier to talk when my feet are moving. Find most things easier to do when I'm moving, though I've at least learned to do my reports on a reasonably stable surface. Got too many complaints about the ones I wrote while driving.

Sharon walks between us, one arm linked with each of us. She wears the same style of clothing he does, black leather and denim, and they look right together. Like two people who belong next to each other. "Hey," I say, "where's Nip? Parking the car? Finding another one?"

"Oh, Nip ran off a few months back," Jack says, and his tone is so breezy I know there's a story there he doesn't want to tell. "You know how Seraphim can get, and by now she has enough downstairs experience to watch herself. Besides, with just the two of us, it's easier to grab a bike and run off without trying to juggle bodies. Not that three's a bad number, either."

"So what happened to you?" Sharon asks, and takes a look around, but the streets are near empty on a weeknight here. We end up in a deserted park, Jack and Sharon taking a bench while I pace around them. "I mean, to your last vessel. It's still weird for me to wrap my head around you looking like -- well. That. And, I mean. You're a guy, now!"

"Oh, right, I am, aren't I?" I push my hair back with one hand. Not quite as short a haircut as I'd like. "It was a pretty standard mess. Got in over my head, got jumped by large numbers, splat, so much for that vessel. Stupid of me."

"That's what happens when you run around on your own without any backup," Jack says. "Honestly, what are they doing sending you out alone?"

"I can take care of myself, Jack." I drop into a hand-stand, and go a few steps on my hands. Not nearly as fast as running, but I like to see the world from a different angle once in a while. This park needs more trees, and it doesn't have any seesaws, which is entirely wrong for a playground. Or if they're going to have one of those little dull parks of benches and cement paths and don't walk on the grass, they should put in a fountain so that there's still something moving. "You and Mannie, always acting like I'm going to keel over if you're not watching out for me every step of the way. You do remember I'm older than you, right?"

"Barely. And you've gone through how many vessels this last decade?"

"Two down, but who's counting? I did worse the first time Dad sent me down to Earth." Back when I was even more enthusiastic about combating evil, and less talented at it. "And this time it was a stupid mistake on my part that wouldn't have been helped by having anyone else around."

"If someone else had been around, maybe you wouldn't have made the mistake."

"And maybe I would have gotten them killed too. I'm used to working alone, Jack, or have you forgotten what I did? I'd see you maybe once a month, when you came by to pay the rent. Not consistent backup." I drop back to my feet, too restless to stay that slow. My palms feel strange from putting so much weight on them with a cement walkway beneath.

"At least I used to see you once in a while. And knew where to find you. These days I'm lucky to drag any sort of location out of those people you work for." I don't like the way he says "those people," as if I've fallen in with a bad crowd. "If they're going to send you running every which direction, they should send someone with you."

"Ofanite, Jack. Running every which direction is what I do." And then because I can see Sharon's starting to sit up straight and stare off at a point in the distance, I don't say a few other things that come to mind. "Look. I'm going to be okay. I have no intention of being so stupid again, and I have a brand new Ethereal Force grafted onto me to make sure of that, courtesy of the Boss. It's not like either of us came downstairs so that we could play it safe and stay out of trouble, right?"

"Not to stay out of trouble. But I didn't even know you were in Trauma, Kai." I wish I could make him happy again. I don't like seeing Jack, who always swept into my life with tales of some outrageous new scheme or cackling over the trail of angry people trying to catch up with him, looking so angry. I don't like that he's angry at me.

"You're not the easiest to person to get a message to, Jack." I stop in front of the bench, hands behind my back. "I'm sorry. I should have let you know. It didn't seem important enough to bother you about." And there's a touch of ease to his expression, enough to make me feel better. "Besides, they had me doing inventory for two months. You wouldn't believe the kind of things Lightning has stuffed away in its storage closets."

"Bet it's nothing compared to what you can find trading hands between Windies on an average day over the Groves." Jack leans forward, elbows on his knees, to look up at me. "I don't trust them to take care of you, Kai. You may be working for them, but you're a Creationer, not a Sparky. Eli's kid, not Jean's."

"Jean's not going to leave me hanging just because I'm doing temp work." And it is temp work, just until my Dad gets back, though it's been enough decades now that I wonder how long his big project is going to take him. He could be back tomorrow, he could take another thousand years to finish it up; the Archangel who helped create the world won't find a few centuries too long to devote to project. Either way, it's not productive to dwell on the subject. Deal with the work that's been set in front of me.

"You sure? He's an Elohite. Manipulating people is what they do."

"Oh, stop it, you two." Sharon stands up. "I'm not going to sit here and listen to the both of you bitch at each other like this for no good reason."

"Hey," Jack says, and he stands up to put an arm around her shoulders. "It's nothing serious."

Sharon pulls away, and I'd run to hug her now if she didn't look so much in need of space. "Nothing serious. Right. That's what you said when Nip left. And that's what you said when you picked up more dissonance. And when we didn't get to that Tether like we'd planned, so you could work it off? Nothing serious, you said. Fuck this." She kicks at a bottle cap lying on the path, and it goes clinking off into the evening. "Kai, talk some sense into him, would you? Because he's not listening to me." And she stalks away.

Jack's face turns terribly blank for a moment. "I should go--"

"Not yet." My hand on his wrist, or he'd be moving that direction already. "How much, Jack?

"What, you're part of Judgment now, to go asking after my spiritual health?" He pulls his wrist free, and I let him, I want to spin somewhere else entirely but. I will stay here until I get an answer. "Sign up with the Sparkies, lose your sense of humor."

"Dissonance. Isn't. Funny."

"And you call me on trying to watch out for you? I can deal with this."

"You can. So far as I hear, you're not." If I close my eyes, I can wish this problem away, but open them again and I still won't be looking at quite the same Jack I'm used to. "Why aren't you working them off?"

"What, spend a week pushing a mop around a dinky little Tether, while some Seneschal looks over my shoulder tut-tutting at my bad behavior? I'm chaos and mayhem and change, I don't do chores."

"You're also a Mercurian, but that doesn't seem to have stopped you from hitting people who aren't demons."

"You want me to stand back and watch them hurt people? Just let Sharon get hurt because, oh, hey, that guy's a vampire! Not a demon, off-limits to me!" We've had our arguments before, but he's never used this tone of voice on me. "Sure, I could try that. I bet it would turn out well."

"So stick around with other angels who can fight back! You don't get a 'he was really a bad human' clause, Jack. It goes against what you are. If you and Sharon can't handle the situation, stick with someone who can, and don't get yourself into these problems in the first place."

"If you hadn't left me, I would have!"

I don't like it when Jack shouts at me. I don't know what to say. It's never happened before.

"When you were with us, we were fine, Kai. And we could have kept on being fine and I'd be okay and this wouldn't be a problem, if you hadn't left."

I want to be anywhere else but here. But I have... responsibilities. To my Dad, to my Boss, and to my friends. "How much, Jack."

"It's none of your business."

"How. Much."

Jack throws his hands up in the air, and turns away from me. "And why do you want to know? So you can run off and tell your friends in Judgment? If you don't want to help me, I can take care of this without anyone else asking questions and--"

"Jack, you bastard." That actually stops him, his back to me. "I've been your friend since you had three Forces and the attention span of a goldfish. Stop trying to lay the blame on me, and tell me how dissonant you are." I have a hundred loyalties and priorities to arrange, responsibilities from the tiny grace notes of Don't be needlessly unkind to strangers all the way up to the perfect chords of serving the Archangel who made my Heart. I can sort them by importance, and find Jack near the top. "I swear. I will not tell Judgment."

"Or Lightning?"

"I'm not about to lie to my Boss if he asks. But that's unlikely." One hand on his shoulder, and I wish he wouldn't face away from me like this. "Come on, Jack. So that I can know how much to not worry about this problem you can take care of yourself."

"Four." He takes a quick breath. "Four times that I've screwed up. Sharon doesn't know it's that many."

"Oh, God." Dissonance is never a good thing, but one note, maybe two, you're still safe. Doing something wrong, but safe. Four notes means you're a hop, skip, and a jump away from becoming formally Outcast, dull-surfaced Heart and all.

Or even Falling.

"I'll take care of it."

"Four! Why haven't you squashed it into Discord?" His head must be buzzing with it, it's a wonder if he can resonate anyone at all with that many notes.

"Because if it's Discord, I can't get rid of it myself."

"You're not getting rid of it now." I stomp around him to get direct eye contact. "Jack. Go to a Tether. Find a mobile Tether if you can't bear to stay in one place for so long, but find one, and work it off. If you can't handle a month of working on it, do two weeks now, go raise mayhem for a while, another two weeks, and get it gone."

"Okay." The agreement comes as a shock, but I'm so turned around and confused tonight everything's coming as a shock. I can't tell if he's lying, and Jack doesn't lie to me about anything serious, but then, Jack doesn't pick up four notes of dissonance, either. Not ever before. "I'll go do two weeks somewhere."

"Thanks. And please, try to grab another angel for your mayhem. If Nip's still annoyed at you, grab Kelly, or that Cherub you used to run around with."

"Which Cherub?"

Such a relief to be talking normally again. "You know. The one who'd always run into my bedroom with her attuned when you stopped by, and lock the door behind her--"

"Oh, right, her. Last I heard she was down in Mexico, but maybe she could use a change of pace. And maybe Sharon wouldn't half mind having another human around, whoever it is that the attuned is these days." Jack looks over to where Sharon's sitting, playing with some cell phone on a bench halfway across the park. Probably close enough for her to hear some of the conversation. "Tell me one thing, though. Why Lightning? You'd never had any more ties to it than any other Word, until these last few years. Spent more time rampaging through the countryside with us than you did on any job with them. You should be able to appreciate having an Ofanite for your Superior. Why not Janus? I'd thought you'd run to the Wind before anyone else."

"I got an offer." He looks back to me now, a moment of confusion, so I try to explain. "I mean, I'm sure I could have worked for Janus if I'd asked," and I'm not going to try to detail why the Wind isn't exactly an ideal Word for me, "but Jean offered. And. I know he'll be there."

"He took advantage of you, Kai."

"Maybe he did. So what? If I need to talk to him, I can make an appointment, and count on him showing up once I have one. I like having assignments. I like knowing that if something happens to me, people will notice I'm missing and come looking."

"You like having your Lilim around."

"Bright Lilim, and if you want to get detailed about that, remember that you're the one who introduced us." A few years ago or half a lifetime, when Jack grinned at me and pointed out the Renegade demon huddled in the back seat. "Besides," I say, and I poke him in the chest, "there's nothing wrong with wanting to catch up with my friends once in a while. Even if some of them are blasted hard to track down."

"I'll try to be easier to find." Jack gives me an unexpected hug, tighter than usual. "So. I'll be fine. You'll be fine. And at some point between projects we can get together and cause some creative chaos. Sound like a plan?"

"It does."

We catch up with Sharon, and things are... good. Not quite the same as they were before, but it wouldn't be appropriate for the Wind if that were the case. People change, jobs change, and if they have work to do turning people's lives upside-down, I have work to do turning Vapulan labs inside out. Makes up for the argument, to spend a few hours with them before they speed away into the night in a car that probably isn't the one they arrived in.

When I get back to my motel to catch a few late-night movies and pretend to get some sleep, I reach for my phone, and find it missing.

I hope they remembered to put a tracking chip in my phone too. If nothing else, it's one way to find Jack.

Aglaya waited in the other room, watching the door for any signs of people come to investigate the noise, and generally avoiding the mess. When muffled screams had faded into whimpering, she returned to the bedroom. "Time's up," she said to the two men. "Go watch the door."

They exchanged glances, and she saw in them the question of how far they had to follow her orders. She was the master of neither, and as far as they were concerned, weaker than the demon they served. "We're not done," said the one -- she'd never bothered to learn their names -- with the knife in his hand, blood all across his shirt and face. "Why don't you--"

"Don't push me, little human," she said, and took the man's wrist, snapped it in one quick motion. She'd wished to avoid the disturbance, but had no patience for these games. "Now. Are the two of you competent enough to watch a door for a few minutes, or should I be telling your master that you can't be torn away from your games to do even that?"

They left the room quickly, and Aglaya filed away the murderous look of the one for future consideration.

"Now," she said, once the door was closed, and she crouched down in front of the young woman curled up in the corner. "They're gone, and we can talk privately."

"I won't tell you anything," whispered the girl. Trembling as she said it.

"Oh, and you do believe that, don't you." Aglaya brushed blood-wet hair out of the girl's face. "Poor little angel. Can't run, can't fight them off. Lightning ought to remember to invest more in Corporeal Forces." Or at least teach its new angels a bit more about fighting off demonic resonances, Aglaya reflected. The charm-and-drain had been pathetically easy once they'd identified the girl.

"The Boss will send people to come find me. To stop you."

"Dear child, I'm not worried about that." Aglaya stood up, and found a blanket to spread out on the floor, sat on that to save her clothing from bloodstains. "The question is, how long will this take? And by the time they arrive, will they have any idea where to look?" The angel wouldn't meet her eyes. "You turned in your weekly report this morning. They're not going to notice for a week. Do you have any idea how far we could take you in a week? What could happen to you in that space of time?"

The shudder was answer enough. Aglaya smoothed her face into gentle sympathy, ignored how very easy it was to show this. "Lily, dear, fledging Seraph was a poor decision. They should know better than to send Seraphim off alone with no minders. It could be worse, though. You could have been Mercurian." And, hand on the girl's shoulder, she pushed her charm in.

Now that gaze turned back to her, more bewildered than terrified. "Why did you let them do that to me?"

"I had to, Lily. Do you think I'm free to make all my own choices? To tell everyone else what I believe they should do, and have them listen?"

After a moment, the Seraph shook her head.

"But I can still help you." Aglaya leaned forward. "Listen to me carefully, because we don't have much time. If I leave you here like this, they'll take you away and they will break you. It may take time, but they'll break you down. Right now, you haven't told any lies, you haven't let us take anything important. You're still clean. And if I kill this vessel, you'll go through Trauma, but you'll be clean. No danger of Falling."

"I don't want to Fall."

"Most people don't, Lily." Aglaya allowed herself a sad smile. "You've held up very well. Now, I can get you out of this, but you have to give me some information. Nothing very big. Just a little scrap of something, so that they won't be angry at me for sending you away."

And the angel would have indignantly told her to take her offers elsewhere, but for those few minutes the Seraph knew this Impudite was her dear and trusted friend, who was trying as hard as possible to help. "What do you need to know?"

"You have a good, deep Role, Lily. You might even be able to pick it up again when you come back, if someone's careful, and notices right away that you're back at your Heart. Those sorts of Roles come from someone putting a lot of time into them, all the way back from childhood, and it would be... inefficient, to do only one at a time." Aglaya put one hand beneath the angel's chin, no matter that it coated her fingers in blood. "Tell me about your siblings, dear."

After a few more minutes Aglaya returned to the other room. "Let's go."

"What about the snake?" One of the Hellsworn opened the door to look, and scowled. "We were supposed to take her alive."

"Plans change. I've acquired information I wouldn't have been able to otherwise."

"Are you at least going to fix what the bitch did to me?" asked the one who had known better than to challenge her earlier. Half his face a pulpy mess from where the Seraph had gotten in one good swing with her fist.

"What, waste Essence and cause more disturbance, for you? You'll live."

Aglaya returned the Hellsworn to their master, made sweet excuses for not bringing the angel, and then left again before anyone could think to ask deeper questions. She took a cab to the next place on her agenda, tipped the driver well, and didn't bother to charm away his Essence. The Seraph's reserves had left her nearly full.

On the top floor, she knocked once on the door, and waited in plain view of the peephole. After a moment, the door swung open, and a young woman pulled her in by one hand. "I was wondering if you were planning on showing up this month. Where have you been lately?"

"Here and there." Aglaya settled down in one of the beanbags on the floor, while her host collapsed in another. "Had to deal with something related to the last time I lost a vessel."

"That botched raid Hari did? Oh, I remember hearing about that." The Lilim tched, and scratched a big yellow dog behind its ears. "That bastard would drag everyone else into his stupid games. Like the rest of us give a rat's ass if some Renegade Sister wants to play nice with the fluffwings."

The dog barked. "Oh, Goldie doesn't like fluffwings, does he?" The Lilim turned to pet the dog, leaning in close. "Goldie's going to be an Impudite when he grows up, isn't he? Yes he is. What a good dog."

"That's disgusting, Yoshiko."

"What, no love for Goldie?" The Lilim stood up, and grinned. "I assume you're here for business reasons, and not just to catch up with old friends. Want tea? It's complimentary, whether or not we make a deal."

"Certainly. No sugar."

Yoshiko returned from the kitchen with two hot mugs. She handed the one advertising the Linux World Expo to Aglaya, and kept the one decorated with Bleach characters for herself. "So. What can I do for you today?"

"I have a full name, age, mother's maiden name. Can you find information on recent credit card purchases for me?"

"Mm. Within the United States?"

"I believe so, yes."

"Well. You might get a few duplicate records, depending on how common the name is, but I can try." The Lilim took a sip of tea, and considered. "A day-Geas, no promises on what I'll be able to come up with. Fair deal?"

"Fair enough." Aglaya scribbled out the information on a piece of paper, and passed it over. She'd already eliminated the other three siblings as too young or permanently located to be useful.

The Lilim set to tapping away at her laptop, between sips of tea. "To be honest, I'd do this for free, if it weren't for the principle of the thing. Nothing quite as much fun as digging out information I'm not supposed to be able to get to. What do you need this for?"

"Tracking down an angel," Aglaya said. She smiled. "I could go into more detail. But it would cost you."

"Ha! You always were a quick learner. No, I'm curious, but not that curious. Any particular angel, or whichever one you might be able to dig up?"

"A little of each." Aglaya set the mug aside discreetly; she couldn't stand chamomile. "There are a few in particular I'd like to find, but if this isn't one of them, well, maybe this one can lead me to the people I want."

"Now you're just trying to make me curious." Yoshiko set the laptop on the floor. "Okay, that's going to be searching for a while yet. I need to dig up the funds to have a proper T3 line installed here, would you believe I'm still on cable?"

"Truly, a deplorable state of affairs."

"Brat." Yoshiko leaned over to give Aglaya a quick kiss. "I worry about you, kid. Don't know why you had to run off and work on Hari's doomed project anyway. I thought you hated that bastard. Not that there's anyone who doesn't, but more so than most of us."

"I didn't have much choice in the matter."

"Because he forced you into it, or because you needed to be there to see it when he finally fell into the hole he'd dug for himself?" Yoshiko sighed. "Oh, don't look at me like that. Your personal business, fine. But next time you feel compelled to watch an enemy go down in flames, try to do it from a safer distance."

"I'll do that."

"No, you won't." The Lilim stood up, picked up both their mugs. "That's your problem, you take everything so personally. There's nothing wrong with wanting to smack someone down for betraying you, it'll teach the rest you're not to be messed with lightly, but sometimes? You have to let it go." She returned with another cup of tea for herself, and Aglaya's mug filled with juice. "Trust me, it'll make your life that much easier."

They sat in companionable silence for several minutes, listening to Yoshiko's stereo system play video game soundtracks. The laptop chimed.

"Here we go." Yoshiko turned the screen so that Aglaya could see. "Looks like you only have two people to choose from, once all those factors were added in. Which one looks like yours?"

The Impudite sorted through the first set of credit card purchases. Fast food, various clothing stores, cash advance, plane tickets, drugstore. Unlikely. She switched to the other set. A two week gap with no purchases, and then... coffee shop. Coffee shop. Restaurant. Coffee shop. "This might be the one I'm looking for. Can you get locations for these places?"

"Of course." Yoshiko pulled the computer back, and tapped through a few searches. The printer beside the stereo whirred to life. "Are you really running off after some possible angel? By yourself?"

"I know what I'm doing."

"Yeah, sure." The Lilim leaned over to prod at the dog. "Goldie, sweetie, go sit in the bedroom for a few minutes, okay? We need to talk." Once it had sulked off and nosed the door shut, she turned back to Aglaya. "What game are you playing, Amy? One Impudite does not make angel-hunting material."

"It's something of a long-term project." She tilted her gaze away, and wished she'd worn sunglasses to hide her eyes, for all that the Lilim would have been offended. "If you want me to go into details--"

"I'd have to pay, right, but it's not details I'm worried about." Yoshiko put one hand to Aglaya's face, turned her back around to face her. "It's you. How many hooks does Mannie have on you? I swear by my Mother, I won't pass on the information."

"Several." Aglaya allowed herself a strained smile. "I'd thought I was clean, but I ran into him in the midst Hari's disaster, and found out otherwise. And one actual Geas, to get me out of there with only a vessel lost and nothing worse. I have enough Geases from you that they didn't think anything to see that one."

"Oh, kid. That's serious trouble." Yoshiko set the laptop aside, and put both hands on Aglaya's shoulders. "What are you doing about this? Don't get any wild ideas about tracking him down and fixing it yourself, it won't work. He's dangerous, and half past mad if he's working for angels now."

"I have a plan," Aglaya said. "And, no, I don't intend to run into Mannie directly. The last time I saw him I lost a vessel. I'm not stupid, Yoshi. But I think I can work out enough leverage to keep me a bit... safer. Maybe even get myself a favor." She was careful not specify whose favor.

"If you're intent like this, I won't be able to talk you out of it. But if you need help, call me. You have my number, and I'll cut you a real bargain, okay?"

"I'll remember. Any time I'm in trouble, I know who to call." Aglaya laughed shortly, and leaned back against the wall. "At this rate you're going to end up owning me for life. And then what would you do with an Impudite following you around?"

"I'm sure I could come up with something," Yoshiko said.

We've reached the stage in the project when the full scope of all the information we don't have available has become clear; this is the point where Teresa starts shouting in the corridors, and I lock my door. Nosha, remains its unflappable self, and apparently Gariel has learned to channel his internal Elohite because the most distressed communication I've received from him so far was a gentle reminder about our deadline. Which, despite the faulty data, we would still be on target to meet if the research group hadn't sent us the information three weeks late.

Maharang dashes through the reliever flap to drop another stack of folders on my desk. "Sincere apologies from Tuthiel, who says a new virus-prevention program he was testing ate his hard drive, but they got some printouts before everything went up in flames. Coffee?"

"Please." I sort out the folders into categories across the face of my desk. At this rate I'm going to need to use the floor to keep things in order. "Would you mind reminding me of the Pax Dei?"

"No killing other Sparkies!" Maharang shakes a finger indignantly at me. "No matter how late or incomplete the data they send."

"Right. Thank you." I turn back to my computer, which I've taken to using out of sheer desperation. It can run through the calculations faster than I can manually, and then I only need to review its results for obvious stupidities.

A brisk rap on the door. "Go away. I'm busy." And the people who can override my current tasks wouldn't need to knock first. Most of them would send email, and right now I already have four red-marked messages about various details of the project that I don't have time to deal with right now, and which must wait until I've finished with my current task. Tasks. Gigantic mess of near-epic proportions. Nosha tells me that I haven't been here long enough to see one of the truly epic time-crunches, which, considering the sorts of panics we've been through, nearly frightens me. At least no one will be disassembled if we miss our deadline. Better than Hell.

Even stacked cross-wise, the folders have overtaken my desk. I move my computer to the chair, gain enough room for two more stacks, and then give up. Time to start laying these out on the floor. Once I've done the preliminary sort I can call in relievers to search for the relevant data, and escape to one of the lounges with a cup of coffee and a notebook to work out adjustments based on this overview. I can tell already we need to redesign the power supply from the ground up, and that's before looking into the actual function.

"Excuse me," says a voice from behind me, and I nearly drop a folder across the floor. "I went ahead and picked the lock."

I've learned not to twitch when Malakim appear behind me, if only because the ones I work with kept getting apologetic and concerned, and the Judges would become suspicious at the reaction. This does not mean I'm comfortable with the occurrence. I turn around, and put on my best "I am so busy right now" expression.

Of course, it would be Kelly, who seems to like me about as much as I like inefficient wiring systems. "I'm in the middle of a project," I say, in the faint hope that she'll listen.

"Right, whatever." She looks for a place to sit down, and glares at the computer on the chair. "This place is such a mess."

"Project. In the middle of. What, do you go selectively deaf the minute you get within earshot of me?" I move over to one of the stacks on the floor, and shove a black-feathered wing out of my way. "Try not to step in anything, if you insist on taking up floor space."

"I'm trying to find Jack."

"Good luck. I'm told Windies are difficult to track down. You might have heard." I set another folder on the floor, and backtrack to my desk around the piles. I'm getting dreadful flashbacks to the time I inherited a position and office from a Djinn who'd saved absolutely everything delivered to her office, and never bothered to sort any of it out. I had to set an Impudite to sorting through the piles for a week straight to unearth the floor. "Why would I know where he is?" The Mercurian was frosty every time we met since Kai took up service to Lightning, and it's been months.

"You always know where Kai is. Jack's sentimental enough to go running after that batty Ofanite himself." She steps on a pile of papers as she moves forward, and frowns. "Couldn't you file these or something?"

"Out of the office." I am quickly losing what little patience I have left. "I do not have time for this. Go hunt down your bloody Mercurian yourself."

"I can't." Kelly slams the office door closed. "The Seraph he was taking on an Earth tour to get experience says he's dissonant, and he disappeared after she called him on it. She can't find him, I can't find him, nobody knows where he's hidden his Heart, and this is the best lead I have of finding him before he goes and does something stupid."

"More stupid than getting dissonant and then running away when this is pointed out?"

For once, she doesn't glare at me, but only shrugs. "I didn't think he'd go this dumb on us. Jack's pretty reliable, in his own way. But at this point, it's either find him ourselves, or go tell Judgment he needs to be hauled in. If you can help me, great. If not, so be it."

I don't think she's quite as comfortable with the second option as she claims. "Gariel is Kai's supervisor. Ask him if you can get an address, or a line to call. But try to do it quickly. We're busy."

"Okay. Thanks." She opens the door, and pauses. "Incidentally. You're not quite the cowardly jerk you used to be. For what it's worth."

Before I can formulate a reply to that, she's gone, and I have other things to worry about. A thousand and one files left to deal with, but at least they've been sorted well enough to let the relievers at them.

Maharang dashes back in. "Hey, they managed to get more data off the hard drive, but they can't hook it up to anything else because the virus-eater is trying to eat anything it's connected to, so they got a lot more printouts for you!" And another two dozen folders land on my desk. "I'll get your coffee next, if no one else catches me on the way there."

This is going to be a long day.

Late nights are half past dead boring with all the television stations playing infomercials, and no phone to call anyone with. Not that it'd be a good time to call Mannie in the middle of a project, but it would be nice to have the option. Staff switches at six in the morning, so I can head into my room at three in the morning, out at six, and let each shift think what they want of my sleeping habits. Besides, I've heard there are humans out there who can get by on hardly any sleep at all. No reason my Role can't cover that, right?

The woman who holds down the front desk in the morning spends most of her time staring at the computer while her crochet hook or knitting needles go flying. I asked her once what she reading all the time, and she mumbled something about handspun yarn websites. I'm not sure how much time one can spend looking at pictures of yarn; I'll have to ask another Creationer who knows more about that type of art.

She doesn't wear a nametag, so I've never gotten her name, but she can pull up all the information about my stay on the computer. "Morning, Kyle."

"Morning." I hit the coffee in the tiny pseudo-dining room the motel has for its complimentary continental breakfast, which translates to a machine dispensing fake juice, a basket of sugar-dripping pastries, and a pot of coffee. The coffee isn't good, but I can use it as an excuse to not touch any of those hideous faux-food... things. One shouldn't be reduced to eating prepared food where the date the item was made can't be pinned down. "What are you making today?"

"A snood."

"That's not even a real word, is it?" I grab her cup to get her a refill, complete with the three packets of sugar she prefers.

"No, it's a... thing." She holds up her current project, which looks like several rows of yarn that could be intended for anything from a coaster to a sweater. "Like a loose net hat. To keep your hair up."

"Isn't it easier to just cut your hair short in the first place?" I deposit the cup in front of her. "If anyone calls, I ought to be back around lunch to check for messages."

"You know, we're a motel, not an answering service." She drops the yarn to take a quick drink. "Someone on the night shift is putting dead rats in the coffee maker, I just know it. Coffee this bad cannot possibly come about by accident."

I consider the number of coffee machines I've managed to destroy over the years, through sheer inattention and accident. "You'd be surprised. And, hey, if it's a problem to take messages--"

"No, I don't mind. Not like there's anything more interesting to do. Did you ever get a repair estimate on your phone?"

"Six to eight weeks, and they'll be shipping it to my billing address, so I'll have to go back there if I want to pick it up." No phone means careful use of my piccolo a ways outside the city in case there are any demons listening for disturbance, and more time spent sitting in front of library computers than I'd like. No matter how secure Lightning can make its corporeal email services, there's only so much that can be done about my using a public terminal with who knows what kind of keyloggers installed, and that means lots of vague, roundabout email conversations.

"Sucks to be you." She picks up her knitting again. "Where do you plan on shooting today?"

"City streets. See if I can get some good shots to illustrate the way pedestrian traffic changes through the day." As soon as I started taking pictures people wanted to know why, and once I said it was for a book they wanted to know about what, and by now I've compiled a response for anyone who asks. A whole book on the theme of change, the way photography captures an instant while everything is a process, and a lot of other babble I've picked up from the more literary Creationers I've known. I'm becoming fond of this art form, though it's still nothing on dance. The idea of freezing movement into a single static moment, well, it might not be a very Ofanite hobby, but I like it.

Besides, I can always start gushing at people about shutter speeds. Now there's a bit of photography no one told me about before. Who would have guessed you can make such a difference in a picture by the simple matter of how soon and how fast you close the shutter? I bet there are Ofanim of Lightning who put time into working out just how fast they can do both.

This time in the morning, the city is still waking, but hasn't reached the point where it begins to throw its weight around. I can walk down the street without needing to watch out for anything more than early morning joggers, and most of the shops have a single light on as a lone worker inside prepares for the day.

The investigation has been going slowly, painfully slowly, little half-snippets of information wandering into view and then lying down to take a nap as soon as I try to interrogate them. There are all of three places in this city that could be the Vapulan lab I'm looking for in any obvious way, but I'm not getting anywhere with any of the three. For all I know, Technology has decided to put its local research facility in the basement of an elementary school; it wouldn't be any weirder than Lightning having a prototype-building lab beneath an old farmhouse.

I wish Jack were still around. I could use some help on breaking and entering. But he ought to be at a Tether working off some of that dissonance. Probably not without another stop on the way before getting there, just to prove that it's his choice and not because of what anyone else is telling him to do, but he should be there by now. Sharon knows he's supposed to be getting to a Tether, and he'd listen to her. Can't believe Nip would up and leave him when he was getting into trouble; I'm going to ask her about that, the next time we run into each other.

One of the beautiful things about coffee shops is that they expect people to want caffeine first thing in the morning, so my favorite one is open by seven. They already know my name, my favorite drinks, and what time I'm going to show up. The minimum on credit card orders means I get an assortment of pastries with my coffee, and then it's time for my usual spot in a half-hidden corner with my notebook to try to work out what I ought to do today.

I like routines. Wouldn't want to be stuck forever doing one thing, but I like circuits, paths, coming back around to the same place again and again. Always moving without losing that sort of familiarity. The ballet is no less beautiful for having performed the same piece a dozen times. So sitting here with my notebook scratching out theories in the shorthand Mannie insisted I learn isn't boring, it's part of the pattern. A stop along the way, like refueling for the next part of the trip.

For once, they didn't give me any deadline for this project. Which means I get to keep on investigating however long it takes to either find what I'm looking for, or say it's not here. In theory, that means I can take as much time as I need. In practice, it means I'm getting frustrated with the lack of progress. Maybe I ought to track down another angel in the city; I'm quickly running out of ideas that don't involve trying to remember how to bypass burglar alarms. There's always a chance that an angel who's been here longer would have identified a demon or two, and that would give me something to work with.

It's perhaps wrong of me to hope that there's actually a lab to toast somewhere in this city, as in general no Vapulans is better than Vapulans, no matter what I consider a fun evening's activity. But I'd like to get a chance to exercise a little creative violence, if only to help me get over that last embarrassing defeat.

The pleasant buzz of voices grows in volume as more people pour into the shop and I work my way through pastries, coffee, and notes for the day. It's time to start pressing harder at the best lead I have, the big property outside the city. I ought to find out how far around the walls go, and if there's any area in the back where only low fences keep out trespassers. I can arrange for a branch to fall down and take out a section of fence, and come up with a plausible gap for me to accidentally wander through. No word back on any of the rolls of film I mailed out for the Sparkies to develop and check for Discord signs, and I'm itching to go start shooting patients and staff alike.

This bit of the store, half-hidden by a newspaper rack, only holds two chairs across from a little table, and usually I'm the only one back here. Today someone else heads to the back, takes a seat opposite me. "Do you mind if I sit here?"

"No, go ahead. I was about to head out anyway." I snap my notebook closed, look up--

"Shh," says the demon, with a sweet smile and bright eyes. "We're in a public place."

"We could change that. Want to?" She's stylish in the way Impudites are, dressed like a college student who prefers indie bands to frat parties, and she wears black star sapphire earrings. Pretty face, ragged black T-shirt, spiky-cut hair. A Mercurian of Creation should look so good. I'd be more than happy to rip her throat out, but the people behind the counter in here would be traumatized. More's the pity this nook isn't a touch more private.

"Walk off to some dark alley where a girl like me could get hurt?" She smirks, and sets a cup down on the table. "Let's talk."

"Why?" I haven't forgotten what she did the last time we were in the same city. Or that I was stupid enough to believe she was an angel just because she dropped the right names, smiled at me, and did me a small favor. "I can think of a lot of things I'd rather do with you than talk."

"You and me both." I don't understand the look she gives me. "But we're in public, so. Talking. And maybe a rain check for... other things?"

"Why should I want to talk to you about anything? Or are you forgetting the part where you nearly got Mannie killed?"

"You're still holding a grudge about that?" She laughs at me, and drinks her mocha. Pauses to wipe whipped cream off her nose, and then lick it off one finger. "I also got him out of that situation, or have you forgotten?"

"That's not much of a virtue when you dragged him into it in the first place."

"Mm. Let's look at how this adds up, Kai. You are Kai, aren't you? After all, you did recognize me, and there's a limited set who would do so, fewer still who recently found themselves in need of a new vessel." She draws with one finger on the glass of the table. "Because of me, you were able to take out several demons, defuse a potential threat to a new Tether, and remove Hari, who is, if I may say so, not the safest Habbalite to have as an enemy, from being any sort of immediate threat. In exchange you... took a little property damage? A few Malakim lost vessels in the raid? Oh, and poor fragile Mannie got a chance to shout back at am old enemy. Somehow, I'm not seeing myself as the villain."

It makes perfect sense when she puts it that way. I don't trust it for an instant. "So you did us a few incidental favors while pursuing your own goals. Doesn't change the fact that you were playing us all for your own purposes. You think this means I should listen?"

"No. Probably not." She shrugs easily. "I am what I am. But if you're wondering if I'm worth listening to, tell me this much. How many of the names on that list worked for you? And of the ones that didn't, how many still let you take out an enemy outpost?" Her dreamy gaze worries me; I'm not used to demons looking obviously insane. "There's been a lot of screaming. No one's put the pieces together yet."

"And what will happen to you when they do?"

"What, do I hear a trace of concern for me?"

Judgment is going to be annoyed at me again, for talking so long with a demon. "It is my wish that every demon be redeemed. But I don't spend my compassion on those who don't need it."

"You really mean that, don't you." Aglaya leans back in her chair, legs crossed. She couldn't possibly run in time if I -- public place. I am in a public place. My supervisor would have my head if I destroyed a perfectly good Role over an Impudite, especially one posing no immediate threat. No matter how many things I can think of doing to her with the empty coffee cup in front of me. "Tell me, though. How many?"

"Why should I tell you?"

"I gave you the list." She's lost her smile, and it's some trace of satisfaction that she's not impenetrably smug. "Every name on there, I identified, I pointed you in the right direction. You owe me that much."

It's not like Technology wouldn't be well aware of which demons shattered their Hearts in the last few years, Renegade or redeemed. "Two Elohim. One Seraph. One Kyriotate. And a Cherub who wasn't on the list at all."

"So many." The Impudite gets that dreamy look again, as if she's pleased to hear about redemptions. This makes no sense. She's a demon, proved herself as conniving and traitorous as any other, flat out turned down a request to come back to Lightning, but she's pleased to hear other demons have redeemed. Is she trying to cut down on the inter-office competition or something?

"Not all of them." Some wouldn't budge, weren't interested, tried to convince me to join them, as if I'd forgotten Vapula has no interest in Calabim. Others were too frightened, too reluctant to leave their work, too enamored of their Demon Prince. One who disappeared, and I still don't know if she ran to tell, got pulled back home, encountered a Malakite in a dark alley. Not nearly a high enough percentage, and this was the list of good candidates, demons worth investing time in.

If I weren't such an optimist, it could make me cry.

"More than I expected. Do you think it's easy, to make a choice that changes your entire nature? To leave behind everything you've ever known, and throw yourself at the mercy of the enemy?"

"I don't know, Aglaya. Is it?"

She closes her eyes, for a moment. "My dear sweet Ofanite, may you never find out."

I don't know what to say to that, so I turn my coffee cup around and around. "You wanted to talk. Go ahead. Talk."

"Thank you for being reasonable. I could have charmed you into listening, but that's a bit unreliable, isn't it? And not very polite." She pulls out a folded set of papers. "Another present for you. I can almost regret not being a Lilim."

I take the papers and unfold them. What looks to be a staff list, or at least a lot of people with Dr. in front of their names, with neat red checkmarks here and there on the list. The second sheet of paper is a layout of some facility, again with red checks on various rooms. The third sheet of paper is covered in what looks like what would happen if angelic script ran away from home, got drunk, and crawled back in at three in the morning with a misspelled tattoo and a new drug habit. "I can't read this one."

"Ah, of course not." She takes that sheet of paper back. "No matter; I was saving those details in case this Role turned out to belong to someone else."

"How did you track me down?" Because I'm sure that's one thing I'll get asked about when I make my report.

"I didn't pass on the information to anyone else, if that's what you're asking. Nor is it likely anyone else will find out in the same way." Aglaya finishes off the last of her drink. "I'm sorry it took me so long to get here. Once I'd discovered your location, it took time to find relevant local information to give you."

"Why?"

"Because my coworkers are not, shall we say, paragons of trust and good will. Getting even basic information takes time, especially when I need to do it discreetly."

"That much I could have figured out. Why are you giving this to me?"

"A saying comes to mind about looking a gift horse in the mouth."

"I don't trust you, Aglaya." Her expression is charming, and not about to budge. I sigh. "Come on, at least give me a plausible excuse to put in the report as 'This is what she lied to me about.' I'm no Seraph to read your real intentions."

"There's something adorable in how you consider that to be striking a hard bargain, Kai. Very well, I'll think of a story." She crosses her arms, smirks at me. "Do you insist on it being a plausible story?"

"Forget this." I stand up, collect both our empty cups. "Thanks for the help, no thanks for being a manipulative back-stabbing demon, and if you get killed see about having a memo sent out so that I can stop wondering, okay?" I leave the cups in one of the trays for dirty dishes, and head back to the counter for a fresh cup of coffee to go.

"Cute chick," says the kid who takes my order, peering over at Aglaya. "Your girlfriend?"

"Thank God, no."

He chuckles as he pours my coffee. "Got history with her, huh?"

Well, she used to work for my Boss back before I was alive and certainly before he was my Boss, but she Fell, joined the enemy, now works for a complete lunatic who thinks he's an Archangel, spent a lot of time working with the angel who's my best friend but happened to be a demon back then, and now she's playing double agent for no good reason that I can determine.

There is no way to translate this into mundane terms. I finally settle for, "She's my boyfriend's ex."

"Huh." He hands over my coffee, and gives me one of those odd human looks that says I've violated a minor social taboo I don't understand. "That has to be awkward. Hey, do you know if she's seeing anyone right now?"

"Trust me. You don't want to get involved." And as she sits there at the table, staring wistfully into the distance, I know what he sees. Someone in need of protection, strong-minded but willing to listen, a dreamer who can appreciate his big plans for the future. Nothing I say to change his mind will give him half a chance if she feels like charming him and draining out his Essence. He won't even know it's happened. "Thanks for the coffee."

"Sure thing." He's still watching her when I leave.

This is one of those moments when I'm more than annoyed at Jack for running off with my phone. I'd like to get a detailed set of instructions from my supervisor about what I ought to do in these circumstances, and possibly a chance to shout about how frustrating this whole situation is. However, the Celestial Song of Tongues has a message limit, so I spend the drive over to an area outside of the city composing and rearranging the message in my head until I can pass on as much necessary information as possible in a single use of the Song. The piccolo is a darling artifact, but not knowing that Song myself, I usually need to drop an extra note or two of Essence into it to make sure the message arrives.

The place I stop was once an orchard, though it's entirely overgrown now. The trees have lost most of their leaves, and the undergrowth has gone brown and gray to prepare for winter. I leave my bike next to the fence, classic wood posts, and walk along the rails. I could do handsprings down the line with my eyes closed, but I'm not much in the mood for indulging.

Aglaya here. Offered information on local Vapulan projects. Can't determine motivation. Current leads uncertain. Instructions?

A few minutes for Gariel to consider a response, grab someone with Celestial Tongues, and send back another message. I appreciate the supernatural aspects of this piccolo, but I appreciate more that it's a good instrument. Flight of the Bumblebee it is.

I like the piccolo for a number of things. That it's a convenient weapon for both beating people over the head or stabbing them as needed, that it's easy to carry around, and that I can play things so quickly on it. I run through my favorite piece three and a half times before getting an answer.

Understood. Accept the information. Proceed with caution.

"Proceed with caution" is slightly below "Use your best judgment" in the list of instructions I'd rather not receive from a supervisor. Isn't the whole point of having an organizational hierarchy that my supervisor can tell me what to do when I'm not sure? I understand Gariel tends towards the succinct, but... okay. I can work with this. If they wanted me to ignore her or take her out, I would have been told. So I can use the information, with luck never see her again, and keep an eye out for traps. Simple. Straightforward. Full of gaping holes where a thousand and one things could go wrong.

The day hasn't even reached late morning yet. I could head back to the city to wander the streets taking pictures, but what's the point? I need some place to go, someone to talk to. And an hour or so of internet access to see where these names I've been given belong, so that I can at least follow the implied "...and do something about it" that follows on the orders to accept this.

I tuck away the piccolo again and cartwheel across the fence posts. One way to spin in a corporeal body, let the world fly around me until it starts making sense again. But when I stop, my head hasn't more than half cleared. Maybe it's the new Force that's throwing off my perceptions, offering me all the possible avenues for success and failure that I never would have noticed before. If so, I need to get used to it and deal, because nobody's going to be standing around waiting for me to figure things out. The Earth keeps spinning, Heaven and Hell are moving, and I will keep up with this assignment. If I'm taking a risk by using demon-granted information, so be it. Didn't get where I am now by playing it safe.

My bike's in hand when a car slows to a halt just in front of me, rumbling off the road to the gap between pavement and fence. Dusty black hatchback, more than ten years old but looking to have good brakes. "So," says Aglaya, with a cheery wave, "what did your Boss say?"

The universe is mocking me today.

She strolls in my direction, hands in her jacket pockets. "Cold out, isn't it? I prefer to stay further south. At least humanity has finally discovered central heating."

"What are you doing here?"

She stops in front of me, smiles up at me. I'm taller than her now, weird thought. Not used to being taller than any adults. "Promised you a rain check, didn't I? So here we are. Not quite the middle of nowhere, nor is it the traditional dark back alley, but traffic's light enough that there wouldn't be many witnesses." The demon perches on top of the fence. "Want to give it a shot?"

"Don't tempt me."

"I'm a demon. I'm supposed to tempt people. It's in the job description." She slides on a pair of sunglasses. "But I think they told you not to kill me, or I'd already have some creative object embedded in my spleen. I'm not sure what my spleen does, as biology isn't my specialty, and vessels work differently from human bodies anyway. But I imagine it would be unpleasant."

"Do you have any idea how hard it is to dispose of a body in an inconspicuous manner?" I'd pace to work off some of the nervous tension I'm building up, but that would leave my back to her, so I lean against the fence and settle for glaring.

"In woods like these? You could drop a body back there and no one would discover it for weeks. Months, even, and once the snow starts falling, maybe not ever. The wild has its own way of taking care of evidence." She tilts her head up to look at the sky. "Do you know, when I first came to Earth, it was snowing. I'd never seen snow before. The coldest I'd ever felt in my life."

"Did you have a point, or are you following me around for the sheer joy of getting on my nerves?"

Her face is near unreadable behind the sunglasses, but all her body language speaks of being serious. "I'm not the enemy, Kai. Even if I work for them."

"And somehow, those two statements completely disagree with each other." I'm tired of talking. I want to hit something. But I can't abandon my responsibilities. "You're avoiding the question."

"This would be easier if you were a Seraph or an Elohite. Even a Malakite. Why should I answer if you're not going to believe me, and there's nothing I can say that will convince you?" She takes a sharp breath. "Let me try this from the start. I'm willing to provide you with information, and a certain amount of assistance. I've arranged things such that I have... call it a month, before anyone will notice I'm gone. For that period of time, I'm all yours."

"What do you want in return?" Judgment is going to have fits when I tell them about this, no matter what I end up doing, and I'm not sure Gariel's instructions covered this level of involvement from a demon. Next time I'm back in Heaven I'm going to ask for a copy of that employee handbook Nosha mentioned, and see if there's a chapter on situations like these. Maybe a sub-heading entitled "Insanity: Yours or Theirs?"

"I want this project dead, Kai. Ripped out and eradicated, so no one dares take it up again. There are others I hate more, but this one happens to be where you are, so I'll take my chances where I can get them." She takes off her sunglasses to look me in the eyes. "I'm not such a brain-washed follower of the -- of Vapula to not be able to see when something he's doing could hurt all of us, not just the other side. But I can't do this alone without going Renegade, and I wouldn't last long if my little, ah, traitorous streak were obvious."

"I'll look into the information. I can't promise anything more."

"That's all I'm asking for." She slides down off the fence, pauses to brush dirt off her pants. Such an Impudite. "Take the day to look into it, and I'll meet you tomorrow. Same place, same time. Now that I know it's worth the effort, I can pull out more information for you to work with. And if you're convinced you need to kill me? You'll know where to find me."

Aglaya made sure the Ofanite hadn't followed her before pulling off to the side of the road again. A dead gas station, its sign wrapped in tarps, provided a parking lot that wrapped around the central building, and thus a decent cover from the road should anyone else drive by. She climbed out of the car, kicked the door viciously, and then pulled out her phone.

"Yoshi's Computer Services, how may I help -- oh. Amy. What's up?"

"You're sure you pulled the right files?" Aglaya found no place to sit or lean that wasn't covered in dust, and settled for standing in the sunlight, one arm around her to hold her jacket closed. Cute though the jacket might be, she intended to trade it in for one that buttoned or zipped. All the wind seemed determined to rip it away from her.

"About as sure as I'm going to get for what you're paying, sweetheart. You're sure you got the right angel?"

"How many Ofanim of Lightning can answer to the same name? Yes, I'm sure I got the right angel, but this isn't working." Aglaya reconsidered. "Or at least it's not working well. Hostility, I can work with that. Self-righteousness, check. But no one who's ever belonged to Creation should be this fucking clueless about flirting."

"You're a demon. Of course he's not going to be falling over you. Give it time."

"From what I've heard, that didn't stop him before." She kicked the car again, not hard enough to damage anything but hard enough to make her feel better. A piece of junk fobbed off on someone too unimportant to deserve more, and having deliberately kept herself unimportant didn't make the insult more palatable. "So maybe he's holding a grudge. Maybe he has a 'one demon at a time' rule. I don't know. But I should be getting headway by now. Some sign that this will work later on. You can't get anything more for me?"

"Amy, I've already pulled everything easy to find. You want me to get into more dangerous areas, we're going to have to renegotiate the price."

Aglaya considered the amount of debt she was in, compared to potential rewards. "No, I'll adjust my tactics. And level of subtlety. I wouldn't think a Lightning type would need to be hit over the head with suggestions, but so be it."

"How about playing redemption-bait? From what files I have, sounds like he'd go for it."

"Too dangerous." She wiped the car's left mirror clean with one thumb, and examined the smudge. Dirt always gathered on things, and couldn't be removed without moving it onto something else. And so the cycle continued. "I become a little too convincing, and the next thing I know I'm staring at an Archangel. Or I have the Game believing it too."

"If you can't play at uncertainty and the need to be gently swayed for a few weeks, you're not as talented as I thought."

"Mm. You think it's a good idea?"

"It's what I would do, in your situation." Yoshiko laughed. "Which I won't be. I don't know when you picked up the habit of playing dangerous games, but they're not my style."

"Maybe I'll give it a try." Aglaya pulled open the door to the car. "By the way, if you see any trouble coming my way, let me know, and I'll owe you for it. Standard rates?"

"Deal. And I'd taken that as assumed. Take care of yourself, Amy. You get much further in debt to me, I'll have to start coming up with creative ways to call in favors."

"Understood." She snapped the phone closed, and stood for a moment in the parking lot, staring at the sky.

But it was cold, and other places would be heated, and filled with Essence-rich humans. What better way to warm herself up? She drove away, and smiled.

"They finished the data recovery!" Maharang sets a fresh cup of coffee beside me in the lounge I've retreated to. "And they say they can get you all the information you need if you send the request again, because they couldn't recover that."

"That would have been useful six hours ago, before we finished with the printouts." I tap the chalkboard, and it erases the last few lines I drew. "Have they isolated the problem to prevent a reoccurance?"

"Maybe maybe. But they say in the process they discovered some marvelously awful things to do to a computer network, if needed." Maharang perches on top of the chalkboard. "Gariel wants to see you, but says it's not urgent and can wait until you're at a stopping point."

"Did he say what about?" I redraw the lines, and consider. It's not the most efficient system possible, but by allowing for certain small redundancies and power waste here, we can save far more energy in the next phase. I'd prefer a perfect system; under this deadline, I'll settle for an acceptable one.

"Nope. I think it's private." The reliever drops down from the top of the board to hover by a corner at the side, and draws out winged stick figures. "The Earth work classes started today. We talked about gravity. I mean, I knew all about gravity from my physics classes, but I hadn't realized it could hurt people that way. If you walk out a window, you just fall! Whether you want to or not! The corporeal plane is weird, isn't it?"

"Quite." I step back to take a look at the design. Not my best piece of work, but given the time constraints, nothing to be ashamed of. "Maharang, what do you think?"

"Um." The reliever flies back to see the whole design. "The mechanics of this are kinda beyond me, but it looks good so far as I can follow. But why aren't the two halves symmetrical? It looks like they're trying to do the same thing."

"They are. But this is meant for use on the corporeal plane. One needs to allow for certain issues."

"Gravity?"

"And structural integrity." I tap out Nosha's address along the edge of the board, and send the design along. "If you have the time, could you go see if there are any new images for me to read? It'll be at least half an hour before Nosha's ready to send back feedback."

"Right on it!"

I find Gariel in a conference room, where he examines a dozen displays set up along the walls. "You wanted to see me?"

He settles down at one end of the table, and takes a moment to preen down the feathers of one wing. "Kai's Heart resides in your office?"

"It does." Bottom desk drawer on the left. One triad questioning me said this was a disgraceful way to treat a friend's Heart, but Kai doesn't mind. There's only so much storage space in the office. "What trouble has he gotten himself into this time?" If it were an emergency -- they would have called me in faster. But if there were no problem, Gariel would have waited until after the project was complete to discuss this.

"Aglaya approached him with information." The way Gariel's wings flutter up and then settle again suggest he finds this notion nearly as disquieting as I do.

"And you trust her as much as I do. But we can't dismiss the information entirely." I drink the coffee I brought with me to distract me from the tension forming in my chest. "You want someone to watch his Heart, for signs of trouble."

"Regular checks. We'll move it to standard storage areas, and assign relievers."

"You've approved interaction with her, then."

"Yes." Gariel shifts in his coils. "She was once of Lightning, and was lost young. This may be a sign that she can be reclaimed. Kai has experience working with other potential candidates for redemption. The risk seems acceptable."

I can't remember ever hearing such a long speech from Gariel before. I wonder if he knew her back then. "I understand."

"You're content?"

"Ah. Well." I would rather write this than try to explain in person, but here the two of us are. "I could worry for Kai's physical well-being. But he's lost vessels before, and seems capable of quick recovery from Trauma. And of all the angels I've known, I cannot possibly imagine him being tempted towards a Fall. It isn't in his nature. Nor, for that matter, in his dissonance conditions. So long as we're checking up on him regularly, he'll be at no more risk than usual."

"Is that all?"

I spread my hands. "And I have a project to concentrate on. If I worry too much, I'll end up entirely distracted. I'd be more comfortable with this if he had a Cherub attuned to him, but the situation doesn't demand that use of resources."

He closes two eyes, opens them again at me. "Considered that. An Elohite judged this would constitute 'cruel and unusual punishment' for the Cherub."

"The comment is, ah, not entirely unjustified." Considering how often Kai's put me into a panic through pursuing his jobs in unorthodox manners, and I'm not even attuned, only... attached. In an ordinary sense. The most metaphysical part of our relationship is the one hook I hold on my Ofanite, enough to let me find Kai wherever he's gone.

Gariel nods, and turns back to his work.

In my office, someone's taken the time to remove all the stacks of paper. A folder waits in the center of my desk, full of photographs of people's eyes. In a moment, I'll discover what all those strangers Need, pass the information on for others to use. I do little hooking myself, these days.

I sit down at my desk with coffee in hand, and pull open the drawer where the Heart I was given for safekeeping waits.

A glowing sphere, more light than crystal to it. A spinning wheel of fire once put this Heart in my hands, and asked me to keep it safe. Kai's never asked me to keep him safe, but he's entrusted me with his Heart.

I could wish I were a Cherub, some days.

"Sleep badly?"

"Yeah." I spent half the night trying to work out on paper what Aglaya might be up to, and even with the new Force, couldn't come up with anything that made sense. Went through most of my notebook in the process, and folding the discarded sheets into origami bits didn't help. I need to learn new designs; my attempt to create an origami Ofanite went poorly. And even more so than before with that demon in the city, I don't dare go to sleep and wander the Marches as boredom hits. "Still working on the snood?"

The motel clerk holds up her current mass of yarn. "No, it turned into more of a beanie. Now I'm working on a stuffed rabbit." The yarn she's chosen this time is fluffy, purple, and appears to be consuming her hands.

I set us both up with the dreadful coffee. "If there are any messages--"

"Oh, right." She pulls out a sheet of motel-branded notepaper. "Call came in just before I arrived. Are all of your friends such early risers as you are?"

"Fair number of them." I try to puzzle out the handwriting. I think the mass of pen marks are meant to form some sort of words. Probably even in English. "They didn't choose the night desk clerk for his penmanship, did they?"

"Or his sobriety. Here, let me see that. I have more practice." She takes the note back. "Right, this bit at the top is your name and room number, and it says the call is from... Okay, I can't read that name at all, but there's a T at the beginning, about four letters, and the message says..." She squints at the note, and holds it closer to the desk lamp. "Coming to... something, will by, um, be here in a few... days. I think that last word is days. Meds -- no, wait, needs to... something, something, something first."

I take the note back. "Thanks. I think."

"We aim to serve." The clerk returns to her yarn. "Unfortunately, we have lousy aim. But if you cared, you'd be paying for a more expensive motel. Have a good morning!"

"You too."

On the way to the coffee shop, I tap at the Symphony for a few other locations. By the time I arrive I have a decent idea of where any police might be coming from if I try breaking and entering. The War Servitor I spoke with yesterday was polite enough, and helpful for someone trying to keep low cover, but didn't provide me with any good alternate routes. This place doesn't have much celestial activity. And how scary is it that I'm hoping Aglaya will have a better plan than what I've come up?

She's at the counter, talking with the kid who has trouble getting the caps off of bottles. "Already got your coffee," she says when I get there, and hands me a to-go cup. "It's a pretty morning. Why don't we go walking?"

"Sure." Caffeine between my hands, a demon at my side, and we head out into the cold morning air. If it weren't for her, it would be a pretty morning.

We walk a few blocks without talking, I think both of us paying more attention to our drinks than even caffeine deserves. "I'm sorry," she says, while we're stopped at a corner waiting for the light to change.

"What for? Not that I doubt you have things to apologize for, but I could use a little context." I don't like the way I sound today. Sure, I've decapitated, stabbed, bludgeoned, strangled, and otherwise done in plenty of demons in my time, but I usually wasn't... rude.

"For yesterday. I wasn't on my best behavior." We walk across the street in front of a line of paused cars, all their engines longing to roar out again. I can sympathize. "I'm not accustomed to dealing with... your kind, these days. I shouldn't try to manipulate you."

"You weren't doing a good job of it, either."

She chuckles. "As I said. But, please, if I could start from the beginning? I don't expect you to trust me, but I'll be as honest as I can, under the circumstances."

I bite back the first reply that springs to mind. Having dealt with demons so often of late, I ought to know better than to be needlessly hostile. It's seldom effective. "Thank you."

Aglaya moves away for a moment to deposit her empty cup in the trash can at a bus stop. "I don't know where to start," she says, and when she returns she walks more closely by my side. "I've never been in charge of anything. Support personnel, background work, all those little things... I'm more used to following orders than working out a plan. Even after I figured out what I ought to do, it's taken me time to get this far."

"I need more information. You said you didn't like this project. Why? What do you know about it?" What she ought to do is run to a Tether of Lightning and ask to come home. But even Mannie needed time to work his way towards that, and he wasn't dealing with the shame of having Fallen. I can be patient, it's not what I do best, but I can be patient.

"Scraps. I find my information in pieces. What I've overheard, the things people mention or carefully don't mention, rumors and supposition." She tucks her hands away in the pockets of her coat, silly little coat with no way to zip it up, against the strength of the wind blowing down the street. "I heard of the need to conceal experiments from the humans who run the place. I don't know if what they're doing is actually connected to the official project, or if they chose the place for some other reason."

"At least that means I can safely eliminate plan Z from the list of options."

"Which plan is that?"

"Burn the place to the ground, let God sort them out. Not the most subtle way of dealing with a problem, but sometimes, when all else fails--"

"Mm. Of course. Plan Z." Aglaya smiles up at me. "The famed ability of Lightning to approach delicate matters and cut directly to the point."

"It's one of the things I like about the Boss. Knows when to get down to business." She loses her smile when I say that, and I'm reminded she has a few reasons not to want to hear much about the Boss. "Any idea what they are doing in there?"

"I heard a conversation. One of the people who'd been working on the project, since reassigned. She was boasting, said that if the project were successful, this could change the way the War was fought. Everyone says grandiose things about their own projects, but she sounded convinced." Aglaya wraps her arms around herself. "I don't know. Maybe it's nothing. I could be dragging you through all this trouble for nothing."

"Even if it's not that dangerous, I still need to investigate. That's why I'm here."

"That, and the threat of dissonance if you fail to oppose infernal technology." She gives me a sidelong glance. "But you don't have to worry about that, do you? Your Heart was made by Eli, not Jean."

"It's still bad form to violate the Boss's dissonance conditions, even if they're not bound into my Heart the way Dad's are."

"Last I heard, Eli didn't have any dissonance conditions." She falls silent as an early-morning jogger approaches us. I finish off my coffee. If I were back in the coffee shop, I could be getting a refill. The sacrifices one makes for duty.

"Dad is pretty laid-back about that sort of thing. I like the freedom it offers. The need for different responses changes based on the situation, and a static dissonance condition means being constrained. Fewer options to work with, and creativity is more fun with more choices." I find a trash can to drop my cup in. "On the other hand, there's comfort in having a Superior bind that sort of thing into your Heart. It's like the edge of a stage; you can't dance out into the audience, but it gives you a form to work inside."

"And what do you think of Choir dissonance?" I can understand that touch of challenge in her voice. It's the same one I heard when a little Djinn asked me how Cherubim ever survived, always hurt if their attuned were hurt.

"That's a matter of who you are. Whether how you were made or how you were chosen. Some tougher than others. I mean, me? I get off pretty lightly. Got to keep moving, and how hard is that? I expect each Choir finds it equally straightforward, though, from their own points of view. It's a matter of being who you are." And then there's Jack, whose nature ought to draw him away from any violence, demons the only exception, and he can't seem to stop hitting things. He never used to have so much trouble with it before, and I don't know what's started it now. Sharon has better aim than I do, and can take care of the both of them when things get nasty; I recruited her when she got me out of a nasty tangle with two demons. But once he's worked off that dissonance and gets himself hooked up with a properly bloodthirsty Windy like Kelly, he'll be fine again. I don't like worrying about him; Jack could always take care of himself, before.

"You make it sound so easy." She's shivering now, and we should have stopped some place warm instead of walking down the street, no matter how much I prefer to keep moving.

"Not easy. Just... straightforward." I pull off my jacket, take the piccolo out of the inside pocket, and hand the jacket over to her. "But maybe that's because I think in straight lines. Dissonance isn't a subject I've given a lot of thought."

Aglaya blinks at me, and then pulls the jacket on over her own. "Never had a touch of dissonance in your life, have you."

"Once." I shrug at her look. "Got into a weird situation. Ended up having to vessel-kill a friend to save another. Kinda freaked me out. Completely ruined that piccolo, let me tell you. You cannot get the blood out of one of those things after it's gone through someone's chest."

"Mm. I can imagine. And your friend, did he recover?"

"Oh, sure. She bounced right back. Malakite. Didn't hold it against me, though she was annoyed, because by that point Janus was starting to ask pointed questions about how she was going through vessels that fast. Now, the Malakite of the Sword I had to take out once, he held that against me. Which was unfair, since I didn't even whack the vessel, only knocked him out. I think he was holding a grudge about the jumper cables." Her expression has reached bemused. "I swear, it's not like I go out of my way to attack people on my own side. These situations just happen. And somehow, it's always Malakim. Kelly, the Swordie, Nomikos..."

"Now at this point, I'm curious. What happened to the third Malakite?"

"Set him on fire." I rub the back of my neck, and look away. "Twice. Not on the same day, though! Okay, so maybe that makes it worse, but it was an accident. Accidents. The whole triad was nice about it. They did ask me to stop making coffee. Um. Trying to make coffee. Coffee was not, in fact, ever achieved."

"I'm not sure which boggles me more. That you set a Malakite of Judgment on fire twice, or that his triad didn't drag you back to Heaven in an instant for the fault."

"Oh, they knew it was an accident. Accidents. They're pretty cool about things like that. I mean, they were looking for heresy and dissonance, not poor cooking skills." I ought to look up Nomikos the next time I'm in Heaven, see what he's up to these days. Dedan and Adala too, even though other Judges hint I ought to go elsewhere when I ask after them. "That's one of the things I miss, now that I'm working for Lightning. Having the triad show up every week. Nice to have the company, you know?"

"That... does explain a lot." Aglaya shakes her head. "But don't let me distract you. What did you have in mind, for our next action?"

"There are a few ways to go about it. If I knew of a weakness in the staff, I could try investigating a single person, see where that led. But it's too risky as a haphazard method. Unless you know more about any of these names?"

"No one I know personally." She laughs shortly. There's no humor to the sound. "That's one reason I was willing to come meet you here, and pass on this information. Being recognized would be... problematic."

"True. And on that note, where's your car? If we want to talk seriously, we probably want somewhere private, and trying to hold a conversation while riding a motorcycle gets tricky."

"Um. Back that way." She gestures vaguely in the direction we came, so I take us across the street and then back towards that area. "I left it in a parking lot for a laundromat. It's--"

"Three blocks back from the coffee shop, left side of the street, and it's easy to miss the alley to enter from if you're coming from the other direction. Fortunately, there's parking in the back too, for people who need to drive around the other side to get in." I grin at her. "I may not look into truth, honor, or the secrets of anyone's innermost thoughts, but the Symphony helps me find things in parking lots."

"Handy. I'll trust to your better sense of direction. And your driving, if you're willing to take such a horrid little car as that out for a spin."

The car isn't as horrid as she makes it out to be, though it could use a bath and an oil change. The stick is sensitive, touchy between second and third gears, but by the time I hit open highways I've worked out its quirks and the two of us have an understanding. It's a cute little car, perfect for tight turns and small parking spots.

Aglaya tilts the car's vents to point at her. "At least it isn't mid-summer. I don't believe the air conditioning works. Now. Where do we want to go next?"

"Let's see. Down the list. No direct source of information inside, so that's out. No obvious personnel to work on, either, which would be my next step. The place doesn't have any publicly released presence; no website, no brochures, nothing. I assume they get all their patients through private referrals or some other method that's not apparent. I have one pending way to get inside, but nothing's come of that yet."

"Which method was that?"

"Permission to shoot some photographs inside the grounds. The gate guard told me the request would be passed on, but I'm not sure that happened. And if it did, no guarantee I'd ever get a response. I don't have the skills to do serious research into information that's not right up front. You?"

"Mm. Some, but I've passed on what I was able to find."

"So we work with that." I reach over to pull the folded piece of paper out of my jacket that she's still wearing, and spread the sheet out across the dash. "Red-marked rooms on this floor plan are ones worth checking?"

"I believe so. These two are offices of the staff members I'm sure are demons." She taps on two rooms in a cluster of identical boxes. "And this one back here is the storage room for special projects."

"All of the Vapulans working in this place would need to hold down convincing Roles to get by among that many humans, right? Which means going home to sleep at regular intervals. Do you know if any of them work night shifts?"

"I'm afraid I don't know." She folds the paper up again, and returns it to the jacket pocket. "Kai, why is this pocket full of paper clips?"

"Emergency backup defenses."

"I'm nearly sorry I asked. Because now I'm compelled to ask further, what do you do with paperclips in an emergency?"

"Line them up between my fingers while making a fist, and then slam them into someone's face. Serious damage, and most people don't even notice that coming, so they don't take extra measures to get out of the way of the blow. Or, with one untwisted into a straight line, I can get it straight into--"

"Enough! I mean. Enough information. I'll consider my question answered." She tilts her seat back a few notches. "Let me guess, you nearly fledged Malakite?"

"Of course not. Malakim are too slow."

"Ah. Of course."

I tilt the rearview mirror to watch her, because she's likely to go twitchy if I keep taking my eyes off the road to look at her. Her face has gone tired around the edges, as if she's finally let a controlled expression fade. "In any case," I say, "I think our best option is to do some classic breaking and entering. I'll get in touch with a few Windy friends, they'd know better how to pull it off, and then we hit the place one night, copy as much info as we can, and get out again with no one the wiser. Once we have a better idea of what's going on, we can work out more plans from there."

"That seems doable." Aglaya pulls out her sunglasses and slides them on as the turn of the road takes us towards the rising sun. "Though if I could make one request? Please don't call in a Malakite. Or anyone else who's likely to smite first and ask questions later. Acquiring another vessel after losing this one would be difficult."

"I'll see what I can do." Most Windies that I know are smite-happy, but they also twist rules into interesting shapes if promised sufficient mayhem. Come to think of it, Jack and Sharon would be more than happy to help, and if I ask Jack to stop by after his second week of Tether duty, he'll jump at the excuse for a little release from the tedium. "I can think of--"

A wave of disturbance rolls past me, and leaves an echo in my head. Aglaya twitches, in the seat beside me. "What was that?"

I spin the car around, bumping over the fortuitously low median strip. "Damage to someone. Or multiple someones. I think." Another burst of disturbance follows on the heels of the first, and I can nearly pinpoint the location now, maybe half a mile back and off to the right side of the road. "And that sounded like a Song, though I couldn't say which one."

"So why are we driving towards it?"

Yet another clash of disturbance in the Symphony, and it's beginning to make my head jangle at the overlapping echoes. "That's what you do, when disturbance happens. You go check it out and see what's going on, and if anyone needs help." I remember what, exactly, is in the car with me. "Okay, that's what I do when I hear disturbance. You can wait in the car, if you'd prefer." I whip around a semi-truck and slide onto a bumpy little road that hasn't been resurfaced in decades.

"What do you think you are, a Grigori? You have no idea what's going on! It has nothing to do with your assignment!"

"Please don't bring up the Watchers, okay?" I hit the brakes as the road turns away from the disturbance, and there's nothing but a high chain link fence ahead. "Back in a few."

I slam the door behind me. The noise won't matter around this disturbance rocking the Symphony, and by now the echoes have criss-crossed so much I can't trace any one incident from another. Up and over the fence, through the trees with feet on the ground a pleasing rhythm to tell me I'm moving at an appropriate speed. I hope Aglaya isn't planning on driving back to the city without me, but I can summon up my bike if I need to get out of here in a hurry.

I expected to hit a house or a clearing for the fight, but I run straight into it while still surrounded by trees. Nearly step on a big yellow dog that lies on the ground bleeding, not yet dead but rushing in that direction. If I had any Songs that would help it, I'd do something, but my talents don't lie in healing. And there's intelligence behind its eyes, dark suspicion as it sees me. The dog growls, and I pause, crouch down beside it. A squirrel scampers onto my shoulder, and begins chattering furiously in one ear.

"Kyriotate?"

The dog nods to me, warily.

"How many are you up against?"

Three barks, weaker now. The squirrel on my shoulder begins chittering in a pattern, and then another brush of disturbance as the Song takes effect and the dog's wounds begin to seal themselves up.

"Great. I'll see what I can do." There's a leash dangling from the dog's collar, and I unclip it. "Hang in there."

Then pell-mell between the trees to a place where two more dogs, one of them a fluffy little thing that's making good use of its sharp little teeth, dodge and harry at three men. A falcon of some sort lies crushed and bloody on the ground. A bird swoops in -- I know better than to try to keep track of a Kyriotate in combat.

The sharp clip at the end of the leash hits one man in the face before he's even seen me, rips a satisfying gash through his cheek on the way back out. And then I'm up there behind him, leash wraps around his neck and I kick him in the back of the knees, take him down in a mess of limbs. Up from the ground while the dogs go for his throat, the other two finally seeing me and one raises the rifle he carries, not that I'm about to be so slow as to wait for him to start firing that thing.

I sidestep, dart in, leash whirling in my hand, and straight between the two of them, spin around behind one to leave the other with his rifle pointing straight at the man. Shoot me through another demon and I won't even mind much. Pity that he's not so hasty as to try that, but the moment of hesitation while they're staring at each other gives me time to twist a foot around this one's ankle, send him slamming down with a nasty wound to his back from the leash.

And now that, that's a bullet that just went through my arm, no matter, I have more important things to concern myself with. I twist the leash around the third man's rifle, yank both out of the way, and if he won't let go, he can't aim properly either. Down on my back with him on top when he pushes me back with more force than I was expecting, both of us on top of the demon I pulled down. Satisfying, to see there's no disturbance from any of this damage I'm doing; nothing but vessels that I'm fighting, here, and the Symphony doesn't care if a vessel happens to be destroyed.

Tangled up between the two of them, dodging isn't so easy as before, and I take a crack across the head from the butt of the rifle. No matter, no matter, I have business at hand, though I don't like the look in this one's eyes, he knows full well the advantage he has on me now.

And half his head disappears into a spray of bone, brain, and blood.

I shove the dead body off me, stagger to my feet while the dogs rip up the last demon who lay beneath me. "Thanks for stopping in." I wipe blood off my face, and find my arm covered in gunk. "I don't suppose you have a portable shower in your bag of tricks?"

"Didn't think to pack one." Aglaya tucks away the teeny-tiny weapon she used, and it looks like a gun in exactly the opposite way that an orange water pistol does. "You look a mess."

"At least my jacket survived the carnage." This shirt is never going to recover, and I'm pretty sure the pants are doomed to a less wearable fate at that. I'm glad I left my piccolo in the car. I look down at the little blood-soaked dog who lies panting on the ground. "Is that everyone?"

The dog barks once, and then whines, and looks at Aglaya.

"Oh. Right. Hey, do you mind if the Kyrio borrows your vessel for a few minutes? I don't think it has anything that can talk available."

"My -- oh." She shudders. "If it's necessary, go ahead."

Her eyes go blank for a moment, and then snap back to life, with a distinctly different look inside. "Thank you for the assistance," says the Kyriotate, though it sounds none too pleased. "May I ask your affiliation?"

"Kai, Ofanite of Creation, in service to Lightning." I'd offer it a hand, but both of mine are bloody and Aglaya wouldn't appreciate getting her vessel dirty. "What happened?"

"A bullet to the back of the head happened, that's what." It bares its teeth, apparently more accustomed to animal bodies than human ones. "We were out for a walk, and I heard nothing. Nothing! That one bit of metal could destroy such hopes." It stops, and bows jerkily. "But I forget myself. Neskikallian, Kyriotate of Destiny. You saved me from further dissonance, and aided me in destroying the vessels of these."

I follow the dogs and Aglaya's vessel further into the forest, to where a human body lies stretched out on the ground. "All destinies are precious, no matter how small," says the Kyriotate, and that's sorrow in its voice if I've ever heard the sound. "But she had a great one. My Lord should have sent a Cherub who could have sensed the danger, not a poor servant like me who could do nothing. I thought that by accompanying her on the walk, I could watch for danger."

"I'm sorry. I wish I'd been here sooner."

"It would have helped little." The Kyriotate sighs, and then turns to face me. The three dogs sit at three points around us, watching outwards. "I'll need to clean up traces of unnatural forces at work, determine how best to have this reported to the authorities, and begin investigating. It's too clumsy and blatant an effort to be the work of Kronos. If you'd like to use her house to clean yourself up, I can offer that much in gratitude. And to heal your wounds, if you can spare the Essence. I've used all of mine in protecting and healing my hosts."

"Thank you. If there's anything else I can do--"

"Unlikely. But I will keep it in mind."

We trudge out of the trees and up a hill to where a pretty green-and-white house sits. The greenhouse beside it has been carefully covered up for the winter, and a birdbath lies dry in the center of a garden. I think I would have liked this woman, whoever she was. "I didn't know you were in the area, or I would have come to offer my assistance earlier." Granted, I only finally stopped by to see that Cherub of War yesterday, and it was a very brief meeting, with her sticking firmly to her Role in case of listeners.

"We don't advertise. Excessive attention and interference seldom lead anywhere good." The front door is unlocked, and I wait there while the Kyrio fetches newspapers so that I won't drip anything nasty on the hardwood floors. "If you will pardon me," it adds, once I've reached the bathroom, "I need to consult with others. Please call if you need any assistance. I'll return your companion's vessel to her as soon as I've dealt with a few matters."

The hot shower is an embodiment of perfect movement after the slime and gore of combat. I spend longer there than I need to, admiring the way water soars ever downward and the patterns of the ripples around my feet on the tiled floor. I exit to find a clean shirt waiting for me, and upon further investigation, my jeans tumbling about in the dryer.

Aglaya walks in as I'm pulling on the jeans, and it's obviously her again from the way her eyes have changed back to their usual reserve. "It left a note," she says. "Not to lock the door on the way out. What was all that about?"

"Nothing related to what we're doing." It would be a disrespect to the Kyriotate to share what little information it gave me with a demon of uncertain affiliation. "We might as well head back to the city. It'll want some space to deal with the aftermath."

She nods, and I notice her arms are wrapped around herself again, for all that she's now wearing two jackets and standing inside a heated house. "You'll want to call those Windy friends."

"Among other things." I plot out possible events for the afternoon in my mind. A touch of additional research here, a little bit of planning and discussion there, hit restaurants for lunch and dinner for responsible Role maintenance... And I don't want to let her out of my sight for long. "How do you feel about laser tag?"

"About... what?"

"You sound just the way Mannie does when I've followed a train of thought he didn't see pulling out of the station, do you know that? Laser tag. Great little game, sneaking around with fake guns in dimly lit rooms trying to shoot people. Aside from the rules about not running, it's a fun way to use up a few hours. It's going to be a day or two before I can get any Windies down here. Want to play?" I double-check with the Symphony; two locations in the city. Perfect.

"I've never played before."

"Don't worry, I'm a lousy shot. If you get too confused, it's a good idea to find a high location and snipe." I run one hand through my hair, trying to get wet hair to conform to some system of order. At least it's short enough to not hang in my eyes. "If you'd prefer, we could hit a movie instead, but I warn you, I'm not good at sitting still for long stretches."

"No, laser tag sounds fine." In a voice that says she's humoring me, but I can live with being humored. I enjoy a chance to play a game once in a while, not always stuck in work-work-work 24-hours a day. "Could we perhaps drive back to the city without being interrupted by anything else?"

"So long as nothing else decides to interrupt."

"I can't ask for much more than that," she says. Puts her hands in her pockets, and walks with me back outside.

Jack drove faster than he was sure he could safely, fingers drumming out an unhappy beat on the wheel. It wasn't that she wasn't speaking to him, he knew she wouldn't be so petty, but there was an understanding between them in the car. If he brought it up, she would present her opinion again. If he brought up anything that could be returned to the subject, she would present her opinion again.

"We need to stop for gas soon. Or a new car. Hungry?" That was safe. Neutral subject. Unrelated to the things they weren't talking about.

"Not really." Sharon called up a patch of fog on the window with her breath, and traced a series of lines through it. She wasn't looking at him, and it was nearly as bad as the buzz itself, to not be able to tell what she thought of him anymore. To not know how she saw him in her life.

Jack missed the exit, watching her, and suppressed a curse. There'd be another exit soon enough. "Ever been to Memphis?"

"Not yet. What's in Memphis? Aside from a dead singer." Sharon shifted in her seat to watch the road ahead of them. "Or is Elvis undead? Because that would be weirdly cool, I think, if the people who say he's dead and the ones who say he isn't are both right. Mummy Elvis, lurking in the heart of Graceland... I can see it."

"Possible! But not so far as I know. What Memphis has is a Trade Tether. Always got along well with Trade. They buy, they sell, and if they don't have the cool toys that Lightning does, they know who'll pay for them."

"And you'll stay at this one for a week?"

Jack shuddered. "You know, it makes my skin crawl just to think about it. One place for a week. But... yeah, I think I can manage it. Don't remember who the Seneschal is, but Trade's... workable. We get along fine. Won't be any problems there."

"Good." Sharon played with a toy she'd picked up from a gumball machine at the last gas station, six curved bits of plastic that could only be put back together into a sphere if arranged just so. "I'll grant the Sword Tether was a bad idea."

"A very bad idea." Jack examined the topic, decided to approach it cautiously. "And the Flowers Tether wasn't such a good idea either."

"It was Flowers, Jack. They make Creationers look suspicious and unreasonably hostile. I still don't understand what happened there. Three days and then you cutting out, I could understand that, but two hours?"

He did not say, There was a Seraph, and she was seeing more than I wanted her to see. Instead, he said, "All the smiling put my teeth on edge. And gardening? So not my thing. I'd rather push a broom around than get stuck weeding. In a Tether of Trade, there's bound to be plenty of people, and that makes the job easier."

He caught the next exit, found a gas station. And strangely wasn't much in the mood for acquiring a new car, so he only paid for the gas with one of the credit cards he'd stolen. Sharon hit the convenience store and returned with enough snacks to keep them both occupied for miles.

"Don't know what you're going to do in Memphis," Jack said, around a mouthful of Twinkie, once they were back on the highway. "Sure you won't be bored?"

"A city that size? I'm sure I can find something to do." Sharon picked coconut flakes off a bit of cake. "Maybe someone at the Tether can teach me a few new Songs. Or help me with the one I've got. I'd like to be able to heal a wound reliably without taking so much time on it. I heard the Corporeal Song of Motion is a thousand types of fun."

"What you need, babe, is the Corporeal Song of Shields. Insta-protection, and damn near nothing in this world can get through it." Jack reconsidered. "Nothing physical. But a little more protection against the slings and arrows of outrageous misfortune couldn't hurt, right?"

"Not at all," Sharon said. "I'll ask about that one."

A drop of Essence sank into him, filling a slot that had been empty for too many days, and Jack heard words in the back of his mind:

Need assistance getting through security. Help me when you're done at the Tether? Same place?

And then Essence again:

Also, give me back my phone, you thieving bastard. Love, Kai.

"Ha!" Jack grinned at Sharon's bemusement. "Got a message from Kai. Sounds like he needs a little help breaking through some bit of security, and of course he knows we're the ones for the job. Memphis can wait."

"You think that's safe?"

"I'll be fine. He's asking me to help him break into a place, not assault a coven of sorcerers or the like. It'll be fun. Much more fun than a week of grinding through chores. And we can head off to Graceland as soon as we're done with what he needs." His smile was calculated to charm away all her uncertainty. "Can't object to helping a friend, right?"

"Right, right." She smiled back at him. Most beautiful sight in the world, these days. "Should be fun."

"Running four in parallel borders on the ridiculous, Nosha. Two is acceptable redundancy, and I could be talked into three, but four?"

"I like the parallel structure." The Elohite taps at the modifications it's made to my design. "Redundant, yes, but the structure works better this way. In a three-way sync, any one failing leaves the other three still fully connected. I believe it's an acceptable excuse for the power requirements."

I consider the design parameters we've been given, and sigh. "Reliability is more important than reducing the power draw, yes. Do you ever get tired of being right?"

"Never." Nosha laughs, and sinks back into its chair. For once we're meeting in the Elohite's office instead of mine, and while I find the window out onto a courtyard to be an unnecessary distraction, it is a pleasant place to work. I've never felt any need to decorate my own office, but the photographs tacked across the walls in here lend the place a certain... personality. Although I still haven't worked up a polite way to ask about the picture of Dominic. "If you're agreed," it says, "shall I go ahead and send the design to Gariel for approval? And then it's only a matter of making sure Teresa's section hasn't changed drastically since the last review."

"You might as well. While I continue to object on aesthetic grounds--" I pause as a knock comes at the door. "Expecting anyone?"

"Not during this project, no." Nosha's eyes light up the way they always do when it's been presented with even a hint of mystery. "Come in!"

The door swings open, and a Cherub scampers in, pulls himself up onto his hind legs. It takes me a moment to place the animal this one's form has been based on: a bilby, of all the odd little creatures to choose from. At least in celestial form the Cherub isn't anywhere so small as the animal, though he does seem a touch undersized as Cherubim go. "There you are," he says, wiggling his long pink nose at me. "Would you believe this is the fourth place I've checked?"

"Is there something I can help you with?" I allow myself an acerbic note in my words. I'd rather take the precious few minutes of downtime between the report being sent and the meeting being called to speak with Nosha.

"Actually, yes." The Cherub passes me a handheld GPS unit. "If you'd be so kind? I need a good lock on that mad Impudite, Aglaya. I'm told you have a hook."

"A half dozen of them, and a Geas on top of it." The artifact I'm holding feels much like a standard compass of attunement, but... "This offers distances, and works without touching the target, doesn't it?"

"Got it in one. They fold me you were bright." The Cherub yawns. "You have the hook, so you can set it up to track her. Then I finally get down to business."

I tie the string of this artifact's Song around the hook that rests in the demon, and pass the GPS unit back. "Can it only track one person at a time?"

"This is only the beta, what do you expect?" The Cherub tucks it away into a pouch on his belt. "I'm told the next version is supposed to handle altitude as well as two-dimensional orientation, but it's not like I can wait around for the 0.8 release, no matter how buggy 0.7 might be." He gives me a quick thumbs-up. "Thanks for the help, and now I'm off to track down that Ofanite."

"They've sent someone to attune to Kai?" Nosha chuckles. "I'll wish you luck, you poor Guardian."

The Cherub's long ears flap forward. "What? I'm perfectly capable of keeping someone safe. Especially when it's another angel. My briefing said it was effective at self-preservation, at that. Now if they wanted me to guard a Mercurian, that might be a challenge."

"They didn't tell you about Milwaukee, did they." I shouldn't be enjoying this quite so much, but a small part of me rejoices in the thought that someone else will now fully appreciate why I end up so worried after my Ofanite.

"...what happened in Milwaukee?" I recognize the nervousness in the flicker of this Cherub's ears.

"You'll have to ask Kai yourself. I wouldn't dream of telling all his stories for him." And because the Cherub has begun to look distraught, I add, "I'm glad to hear you'll be watching out for him. He could use the help, and the company."

"An angel shouldn't be left alone under the influence of infernal forces," says the Cherub, and it drops back to all fours. "I'd better get running. So much to do before I head down, and I'm told the commute is long."

The moment the door shuts, Nosha shakes his head. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

"Wondering just how much trouble that one could have gotten himself into last time, to deserve an assignment like this?"

"I'm tempted to search his file just to find out." Nosha folds its hands primly. "But as this would serve nothing more than to satisfy my own needless curiosity, I won't."

"I, on the other hand, have no need to refrain from satisfying my curiosity."

"Excellent! Then I'll assist you. Perfectly objective to give help to one's friends." Nosha's computer chimes, and the Elohite turns to check the new message. "It'll have to wait until after the meeting. And the next round of design tweaks. In the meantime, we can engage in baseless speculation."

"You always do know how to bring the fun in, Nosha."

Aglaya sits on the park bench, arms wrapped around herself. I'm going to need a new jacket; she hasn't taken mine off since I gave it to her. Now that the sun begins to drop, even I'm noticing the bite in the air. "You think they'll come?"

"Jack's reliable, even if he is a Windy. And not the sort to turn down the offer I made. They'll be here within a week." Depending on whether Jack's had a chance to start on his second week of Tether-work yet, that is. Explaining this situation once he arrives will be its own fun and a half, as Mercurians aren't on good terms with Impudites, even more so than with demons in general. I pace around the bench, playing with the yo-yo the War Cherub gave me. (She said it was to keep me occupied enough to stand still while talking to her, but it's a far better toy for use when walking.)

"That's good," Aglaya says, and her voice seems far away, as if she's speaking through a wall. She lifts her face towards the sky, eyes closed, and shivers. "What now?"

"Killing time, I guess. What research we can work out, and a bit of cautious scouting around the edges. The more information we have for Jack and Sharon when they arrive, the better a plan they'll be able to work out."

"You say 'cautious' as if you know what it means." She opens her eyes, spreads her arms along the back of the bench. "Not a bad plan. But I meant right now. What do you do all night?"

"Since I got here? Stay out late, hit my room for theoretical sleep, leave as soon as possible. I'm not fond of sitting around in a small room any longer than necessary, but Roles are Roles." I don't know how humans stand it, sometimes, that unbearable need to stop and sleep, six to eight hours out of every twenty-four of being unconscious and still. Like a touch of Trauma, over and over again. Of course, they have dreamscapes to run to, and maybe that's one reason the angels of Dreams are so vital, to usher humans through that endless cycle of... being stopped. Unaware to the world. "You?"

Aglaya shrugs. "I've been trying to do my own brand of research, but I'm... outside the usual networks. I can't get anything more than I've acquired without starting to pay heavily for it, and I'm only willing to take on so many Geases for someone else's benefit."

I wonder how many Geases she does have, tied up in promised knots to come here and offer her help. I really wonder what she considers important enough to do that for. Another old grudge tied up in this project, maybe. "So this is why we're calling in some more help of my own. It's good to have friends."

"I have friends, Kai. It's only that they expect a certain amount of return on their investments."

"Words are easy, like the wind. Faithful friends are hard to find."

"You don't consider them friends, if they expect the debts to be paid back?"

"Not really." I drop down on the bench beside her for a moment, my yo-yo spinning up and down from one hand. "You do things for friends because they're your friends, and you expect them to do the same because you're theirs. Keeping score misses the point."

"Easy for you to say. Your Lilim isn't allowed to keep hooks in you. You think he'd be on such good behavior if there weren't the weight of Judgment around to keep him in line?"

"One hook," I correct, and it is something to consider. "I don't know. He can get a bit weird about control. I don't think he'd Geas me into anything he thought would hurt me, but I can see him doing so for what he considers my own good, if he were given the option. Doesn't really have an opportunity to come up."

"They let him keep a hook on you? Do they know?" I don't know how to interpret the look she's giving me. There's surprise to it, but something else too, and I'd very much like to know what.

"Of course they know. And, yeah, one hook. So he can find me." Bored of sitting. I go back to my pacing, a dead-simple circuit around the one bench. There's no one in the park but the two of us this time of night, empty playground full of dangling swings. I miss spending time around kids, getting a chance to teach. Maybe after this job I can talk to the Boss about working something out. No reason this Role couldn't expand to do teaching, right? Or, heck, day care, it would be something.

"So he can find you. What... perfect sense it makes. I forget, sometimes, the way Heaven can... accommodate."

There's a world of information dropping between the gaps in her sentences, but I don't know where to start asking, and I doubt I'd get answers if I did. "Library's closed by now, so that's right out, and believe it or not, there's not an internet cafe to be found in the city. Want to grab dinner? There's a taco stand eight blocks from here, and a place that does frozen yogurt just past it."

"Frozen yogurt, in this weather?" She pulls herself up off the bench, and waits in the path of my circuit for me to break off, walks (more slowly than I'd like, but it would be impolite to move too quickly beside her) back to the street.

"They make the flavors you ask for to order, from frozen bits of fruit, in the quantities you want. Mix and match. Great stuff. Dad would approve. But if it's too cold for you, there are plenty of other places."

"And leave you disappointed? No, I'll just pass on it while you go do your, ah, fruit-mixing thing."

Weird that it should be so comfortable to walk beside her. She doesn't seem much in the mood for conversation, so conversation doesn't happen, which suits me fine. Makes my head half spin sometimes after talking with her and I realize how easy it becomes. I've had plenty of time talking with demons of late, but it's different when I have a particular goal in mind, and know what they think of me. Aglaya's not young and confused, though she might be insane. There has to be a touch of insanity somewhere to choose Hell over Heaven.

The inevitable end result of dinner and dessert is caffeine. Two places in the city open twenty-four hours, so we choose the one with better music, if inferior coffee. Killing time, always with the killing time. I ought to be out doing something useful, but I don't want to let the Impudite out of my sight. She wears her charming face, but from moment to moment I can see her... thinking. Puzzling something out.

At two in the morning I've gone through more cups of coffee than I can remember, and Aglaya's read every magazine in the shop and about a week's worth of back issues of the paper. "Outside?" I suggest. Drive away somewhere anywhere and keep moving. The middle of the night isn't the best time to take a look at the walls and fences around that research center, but I can dig up a flashlight if pressed. Or build one. I'd need to find parts, but a flashlight isn't that complicated. Or set something on fire. Plenty of flammable stuff around waiting to be picked up.

"I'm fine," Aglaya says, and flips the page in the magazine she's reading. She's already gone through this one twice before.

I don't have the patience to hold out any longer. "Back in a bit," I say, and move for the door. In the reflection of the glass, I catch sight of her pulling out a phone as I leave. If she wants to scheme behind my back, I can't stop her; might as well let her get down to it.

The air outside is cold enough to hit my lungs like biting into ice cream straight from the freezer. Beautiful. I can't make out much in the way of stars through the haze of street lights, but there's space, as many roads to travel as I need to until my head begins to spin at a more reasonable rate again.

A car skids to a stop at the curb. "Always the last place I look," Jack says, and Sharon's already run up to hug me. "Every time. Do you have any idea how many coffee shops there are in this city?"

"Only two open this late," I say, and that's all the spin I need to get myself together again, friend on either side of me. "I wasn't expecting you for days."

"Like we're going to hang around somewhere boring when you need a hand?" Jack pulls me into a hug so tight I can hear my ribs creak. "Tell us all about it."

"First, you give my phone back."

"You have no sense of priorities." Jack pulls out my phone, drops it into my waiting hand. "I think you have some messages. It stopped ringing after a while."

"I need this, Jack." Though it's hard to be annoyed at him when he's grinning down at me like that.

"That's just what you thought. You've been getting by fine without it, managed to contact me anyway. And thus once again I've proven to someone the peril of becoming dependent on small, easily-concealed items with a high resale value, while helping them learn how to adapt to a changing environment." He puts one hand on his chest. "I'm a veritable saint, Kai. How can you criticize me for a noble act like that?"

"And I, for one, would like to say that I didn't know he took the phone." Sharon kicks at Jack's ankle, and though she doesn't connect, she does make him do a quick half-jog out of the way. "Or I would have had him turn around and bring it back. Sorry about that."

"I did manage, so no major harm done. Except you know there are a few people who are going to get all annoyed and ranty at you the next time you see them, Jack."

"Story of my life. So what evil lurks about needing thwarting?"

We head out down the empty streets, one of them on either side of me. "The short answer: I'm not sure, but I want to find out. Better answer: I've identified a place that's more than likely hiding something, some project for Technology, and I need to get inside to work out what it is they're hiding. From there, I can figure out what to do about it. But since I don't know what I'm looking at, I need a clean sweep that can get me in and out without letting on that I was there."

Jack nods slowly. "Should be workable. Might need a day or two for checking out the security setup. Especially if it's mixed infernal and human, that'll keep things complicated."

"No, I haven't even reached the complicated part yet." I try to stick my hands in my jacket pockets, and realize Aglaya still has it. No wonder it's so cold. "Remember back at that weird Tether I was helping with, when the place was attacked and everything got messy?"

"Sure," Jack says. "Nearly lost my vessel in that one. Do you have any idea how hard it is to attack someone with a mop?" He laughs shortly. "Okay, never mind, you could do it, but I was short on defenses. So what about it?"

"It didn't come up at the time, but did you notice the part where I disappeared for a few hours?"

"Sure. Helping your Lilim get out of the way, or something." He dismisses the incident with a breezy gesture.

"Right. Well. It was a bit more than that." I try to come up with a succinct way to describe a situation I still don't understand. "Long story very short, there was a demon involved who gave us information about the upcoming attack -- if not, more's the pity, a time for when it was planned -- and who helped us out of a nasty situation. And she's the one who gave me what info I have about this current place."

"She's gaming you, Kai. That's what they do."

"I know. But." I shrug. "I'm told to take the info and work with it, carefully. And whatever her game is, apparently it involves helping me directly."

"Not just feeding you info? She's here working with you?" Jack spins me around to face him, both of his hands on my shoulders. "I don't like this, Kai. What's Lightning doing to stick you in a situation like this? By yourself, at that. This is... careless of them, that's what it is. Putting you in that kind of danger for what reward? Stopping some sort of you-don't-know-what?"

"They wouldn't do this if it weren't a good idea." I pry his hands off my shoulders. "Relax. I'm not alone. I have the two of you here for a few days, I can call for help if I need it, and... I'll deal, okay?"

"So tell us about this demon," Sharon says. Her arms are crossed, but I've worked with her long enough before to know that's not a sign of disapproval, more a sign of being ready to reach for a gun.

"Name's Aglaya. Impudite, Vapulan. Nice in person, but she would be, especially trying to get our cooperation. Not powerful, as far as I can tell, but... experienced." I turn back towards the coffee shop. "Used to work for Lightning. About a century back, I think. It complicates matters."

"Not Renegade," Sharon says, "or you would have mentioned that. A Vapulan working to bring down a Vapulan project? That's way past weird. And you don't know why?"

"Nope. Her first claim was that she had something against the project, but she doesn't know much more than I do about what it is. She's passed other information to us before that checked out, or we wouldn't be listening this long."

"Way too much uncertainty in all of this for me to like it." Jack moves between Sharon and I, an arm around each of us. "But if you're tangled up in it, we'll deal. I mean, demon. She tries anything, I will hurt her."

"Fine, but wait until she actually tries something, okay? I'd like to give her a chance."

"Kai, you idiot. Don't go trying to redeem her. She Fell, story closed, we take the information she'll give and move on. You have far too much sympathy for your own good."

"And here I was thinking you were the one who always picked up the ones with the sob stories." I expected a little more sympathy out of him, but then again, it could just be the whole Mercurian vs. Impudite thing.

"So I got over it. Look where it got us last time. You lost a vessel and a Role and got caught by the Game, I lost a vessel, Kelly lost three, your favorite Judgment triad got broken up--"

"And Heaven ended up with a new Bright Lilim. We came out ahead."

"You would think that." Jack's fingers tighten on my shoulder. "Never mind. Just... be careful."

"I will be."

Aglaya stands outside the door of the coffee shop. "These must be your friends," she says, and doesn't offer them her charming smile. "I'm Aglaya. I imagine Kai's told you about me."

"He has." Jack's taken on his imposing voice, and he seems very tall beside me right now.

Sharon puts out a hand, and grins. "That's Jack. I'm Sharon. Don't mind him, he's just had a bad month."

Aglaya takes her hand. "Pleased to meet you."

"Incidentally," Sharon adds, and I can see how tightly she's holding the Impudite's hand, "if you hurt either of them, I'll shoot you. FYI."

"I'll keep that in mind." Aglaya retracts her hand, gingerly flexes her fingers. "Did you want to begin tonight? We can go over the information in the morning, when we can see the location to compare to the plans, but whenever you'd prefer."

"I, for one, need a few hours of sleep before we start any marathon planning sessions," Sharon says. "Do you know it started sleeting on the way here? Less than fun to drive through."

"In the morning, then." I think I'm nominally in charge, here, being the only one working directly on an assignment. "Meet back here at seven?"

"I'd prefer later," Sharon says, "but I can catch up on sleep during the stakeouts. We'll grab a motel. Any place you'd recommend?"

"Not mine. The coffee is dreadful."

I end up with Aglaya at my side again, heading back towards my motel. "Where are you staying?"

"Nowhere. My car, mostly. It's not as if I need to sleep." She offers me a crooked grin, now that we're out of sight of the other two. "I'm on a tight budget, and I don't know what else I might need the money for. Or how long this will last."

"Hadn't realized that." I weigh the options. "Come back to my place? I mean, so far as a motel room can be called my place, but it has a television and a heater."

Aglaya nods, after a moment. "Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer?"

Almost precisely my thoughts, yes. "Along those lines. And there's no point in risking attention from wandering around in the middle of the night."

"Agreed, then."

The room's precisely as I left it, clean socks lined up across the dresser by the television and the bedspread rumpled. Aglaya sits down on the bed, and watches me as I work out my pacing route for the night. Bathroom door, far end of the desk, television, to the lamp on the other side of the bed, heater, door, television, back to the bathroom door again.

"You're not what I expected," she says, on my third circuit.

"How so?" This is my favorite way to talk, motion set out just so for me to follow, no need to think about it during the conversation. My feet will take me where I need to go.

"You're more... I don't know. Responsible than I expected. For a Creationer."

"Comes with the job. I mean, my job. Or the one I had. Working with kids, you need to be a good example."

"Mm. No drugs, no swearing, no public sex?"

"I don't even smoke, drink, or litter. Terrible, I know." She kicks off her shoes, and tucks her feet up beneath her on the bed. The gel in her hair has begun to break down, leaving her with a mass of floppy spikes. Makes her look sad and lonely, like a dog tied out in the yard while the kids are inside watching TV. "Jack tells me that Judgment started to wear off on me, having them stop in every week for so many years. I think that if that were the case I would have had more trouble running around with Windies for months."

"Absolutely terrible." She pulls my jacket tighter around her, and shivers. "Could you turn the heat up?"

I pause by the heater. "It's at 80, Aglaya. How much warmer do you want it?"

"It is? Never mind, then." But she doesn't stop shivering.

I drop down onto the bed next to her. "What's the matter?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing and your teeth are chattering in a room this warm?"

"It's. Not much." She pulls her knees up to her chest, wraps her arms tight around them. "Don't let me interrupt your pacing, okay?"

"I can pace later."

"Don't you need to keep moving?"

"I am." I lean over to push off my own shoes, and then sit cross-legged next to her on the bed. Never would have made it as a Windy, I even feel guilty if I put dirty shoes on the bedspread. "As I sit here, the Earth is spinning on its axis. The point where we sit will do one full turn around that space, the entire circumference of the Earth, in twenty-four hours. And this planet goes turning around the sun, a nice regular orbit if a bit low on the variation, this vast distance in space, in only a year. There is no way to stop moving, if you look at it the right way." The shivering has slowed, at least, and she doesn't hold her knees to her chest quite so tightly. "So. I can wait."

The world spins around beneath us for a moment, taking us along.

"It's only a little Discord," she says. "A very small amount. I picked it up when. Ah. When I first..." She gulps in a breath. "At first, all the dissonance, I tried. To convert it to Discord. I was doing something wrong, but I didn't want to... Anyway. Never lost it. Just a very small amount of Discord. Not worth anyone's time to take it away. Only comes up sometimes. Not often."

"You can't stay warm."

"It's a stupid thing. Really pointless. I mean, compared to the sort of Discord some people have." She runs one hand through her hair, the last traces of style there disappearing into a distraught mess. "It was cold that night, and a bit of it stayed with me. That's all. It'll pass. Comes and goes." She lets her knees fall, and stares down at the bedspread. "You can have your jacket back. It won't help."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. It was my own damned fault." She chokes out a bitter little laugh. "You know what hurts? That there wasn't any reason to do that. I Fell anyway. Didn't do me a trace of good to slap a permanent disfigurement on my soul. Should have saved myself the trouble and embraced the inevitable."

"You call it inevitable--"

"I'd rather not talk about it." She presses her hands against her knees, knuckles gone white. "Could you... forget I mentioned this? Or. Um. At least not put it in your report."

"Not really."

"I suppose my faults are written a thousand times over in Heaven, anyway."

"Probably not. They seldom require more than triplicate."

It's enough to surprise a short laugh out of her. "Three times over, then. I wonder, sometimes..."

She doesn't finish. I'd stand up to pace again, but one of her hands has moved to hold mine, and so I can wait. A little longer. Let this planet take care of the motion for me, though soon I won't be able to feel that pull anymore and I'll need to do something with myself again.

"I don't need saving," Aglaya says, finally. "Not from you or anyone else."

"Mmhm." She hasn't let go of my hand.

"You're not convinced, are you?"

"I'm ever an optimist, Aglaya. And I don't look at the world in complicated ways. Heaven's right, Hell's wrong, and life would be that much better if everyone could figure this out. It's not that easy, but it's how I think."

"You can't understand Falling, can you?"

"Nope. Can't even begin to comprehend it."

"Would you believe I find that comforting?" And she turns to wrap her arms around me, her chin resting on my shoulder. "Such a responsible not-quite-Sparky. Do you put everything in your reports?"

"Everything relevant." If ever someone needed a hug, she does, and I have certain suspicions, but I can... let them be, for the moment. Wrap my arms around her and wonder what she could have been if she'd held out long enough for help to arrive, through whatever it was that pushed her down to Fall.

"Is this relevant?"

"Peripherally. I take notes during the week, review everything at the end for what, in the grand scheme of things, is actually worth bothering someone with. It's almost like a game, trying to wrap my mind around Lightning. It's different than working for my Dad. They don't care so much about the best coffee shops in the area as he would." I smile, though she can't see it. "I keep those notes separate. For whenever I next see him. I can hand over the list of things he'd care about most, then."

"How... methodical." She kisses me, lightly. "I believe the appropriate phrase is, want to regain some Essence?"

"No thank you."

"Not in the mood?"

"Not my type."

"And what is your type?" She pulls back far enough to look me in the eyes, half-smile on her face. "Taller, male, Lilim?"

"Heading to a Tether to prepare for redemption."

She shudders in my arms. "I had to ask."

"I like you, Aglaya. Heaven help me, I do. But I don't trust you."

"Don't," she says, and curls up tight against me. "Don't ever."

"I find it interesting," Nosha says, stirring jam into its cup of hot chocolate, "the way we recapitulate Earth. All the possibilities of Heaven at our disposal, and what do we do? Sit in a coffee shop on couches that have been designed slightly differently to allow for less humanoid forms to use them, discussing personal matters over hot beverages."

"Not only hot ones," says Teresa.

"The presence of iced mochas aside, my point remains. Which raises the question, is it a matter of needlessly limiting ourselves to follow Earthly patterns, or does it serve a useful purpose in giving a sense of the familiar to those of us who need to work on Earth regularly?" Nosha takes a sip from its cup, and grimaces. "New data point: hot chocolate and rhubarb jam combine badly."

"It's certainly comfortable, though I wouldn't call it entirely a matter of what's familiar," I say, watching a six-eyed winged serpent deliver coffee to a mass of loosely connected body parts and mist. "More simply, why shouldn't angels imitate those parts of corporeal existence that they admire? And some of it transferred in the other direction. Angels bringing down to Earth concepts that they'd already perfected here in Heaven."

"Would do Earth some good," Teresa says. "I've never understood the fascination some angels have with that place. It's noisy, smelly, prone to injuring people through sheer coincidence, and that's when the place is ignoring your presence. Can't so much as take your true form without the Symphony running around crying over the matter. If it weren't for the humans there, I don't know why anyone would bother."

"Jordi and Novalis might object to your assessment, but I'll grant Earth isn't so pleasant." Nosha sets its drink aside, and flags down one the relievers who waits tables. "Could I have a fresh cup? Thank you. The corporeal plane has other benefits, though. For one, direct interaction with the enemy."

"You view this as a good thing?" Teresa frowns. "Direct interaction leads to temptation, corruption--"

"My dear Intercessionist," Nosha says, "you might recall that when the first Fall occurred, there were no demons around to do the corrupting. And yet, such large numbers as those still managed to find their way to Hell. Demons may corrupt, but they're not the only reason angels Fall. Through interaction with the enemy, we have our own chance to both combat evil and to convince others of their errors."

"I'd just as soon never encounter them. Let them stay sealed in Hell like they once were."

The Elohite and I exchange a look, and agree that it isn't worth arguing the point. "How has your latest personal project been going?" I ask Nosha.

"Moderately well. I'm having trouble finding sufficient energy resources to power the aquatic use system I've added."

"Only you could find a way to equip a car with so many features that your fusion reactor engine can't support them. Why are you adding an aquatic system?" I've known Nosha for long enough to recognize the beginning of this game, and I was perhaps hoping for it, now that the latest crisis has been sent on to another group to deal with.

"If the car functions in the water, there's no need to have a boat as well. It's more efficient to let one piece of machinery perform the work of several items that would never be used simultaneously."

"Have you ever needed a boat?"

"Not so far, but I consider contingency planning to be a virtue." Nosha takes a sip of the new cup of hot chocolate, jam-free, and favors me with its best bland emotionless-Elohite expression. "Would you be willing to lend me some assistance in working out how to adjust for this power issue?"

"Get a room, you two," Teresa says, and Nosha laughs. "Mannie, you have a love life a Creationer would envy. If it's not Kai jumping you in your office--"

"We'll spare you the talk of efficiencies and wiring systems, then." Nosha rises, hot chocolate in hand. "Mannie?"

I finish off my coffee, and leave the cup. "Shall we go speak about the conservation of energy?"

"Let us."

"She worries too much," I say, once we're safely out of earshot. "And stresses too easily. Aren't Mercurians supposed to be more social? Though I suppose she does get along with the blessed souls who work in the Halls of Progress."

"Teresa has always been a good worker," Nosha says, "and a diligent one. So I can't object to her work habits, no matter how annoying they might be."

"And they do annoy you?"

"Yes. I find her reactions to be unreasonable given the stresses involved, and I dislike the way she dismisses alternative points of view as inherently inferior to her own. However, none of this prevents her from doing her work well, and she will concede to objections if they're proven to be valid. So it's only an annoyance, and annoyance isn't a viable motivation for me to object."

"I used to wonder about Elohim. If that need for objectivity came with the control to remain objective, or if they spent all their time fighting against what they wanted to do, trying to do what was required."

"I can understand why you'd be intrigued. Working beside a Habbalite for so long..."

"Along those lines." We've chosen to take a longer way back to the Halls of Progress, down a winding gravel path that borders on the Glade. "I used to collect hooks on Elohim. Not that I had much opportunity to do so, but when the chance arose... I did, perhaps, go out of my way to do so."

"I would think any Lilim would be proud of a Geas on an angel."

"Oh, it's a boasting point for them. Not that I joined in the boasting; I always preferred to play my cards close. And avoided Geases where I could acquire hooks instead. There's something to be said for the element of surprise." We pass a group of Kyriotates in intense discussion, the angels so close that I couldn't count where one began and another ended if I tried. "And geasing angels is dangerous for a Lilim. Hostile, powerful, and inclined to call in help? I don't believe I ever called in one of those hooks."

"If you didn't intend to use them, why collect the hooks?" There's only curiosity in that voice, and though I didn't expect Nosha to take the conversation personally, I'm glad that it hasn't chosen to be critical of my old habits.

"I found it... interesting. Everyone needs something, but Elohim were always full of these desires that they had no intention of ever following through on themselves. Or asking anyone else to do for them."

Nosha nods, and then turns to look me in the eyes. Elohim have such strange wide eyes, in colors you see nowhere else. The only touch of color to all their smooth pale forms. "What do I Need?"

"Right now? To figure out how to solve that problem on your car without removing the systems you've installed."

"That sounds like a plan, then."

A Cherub bounds over a tall hedge to our left, and flutters down to the ground before the two of us. The one that escorted me to the Flowers Tether. "And there you are! To think I went all the way to the Halls of Progress looking for you, and you were right next door. Mannie, are you busy?"

"Between projects," I say. "If this won't take long--"

"Not at all." She leaps into the air again, and pauses in mid-air over the top of the hedge. "If you'd follow me?"

I spread my wings, and follow her over the hedge. Nosha trails along behind me. "What do you have to show me?" I suspect I know, but one can't trust Flowers to be straightforward or focused. For all I can tell, she wanted to invite me to one of the parties they hold in the Glade.

"You asked that someone send word if that little Balseraph made it through redemption. She has, and it seemed a good idea to take you to meet her." The Cherub flips her tail up, and bounds away through the grass. "Come along, then."

I hurry to catch up to the Flowers Cherub, and she slows her prancing to let me walk beside her. "Tina made it through intact? I'll admit I'm surprised."

"Well. Intact is perhaps a strong way of putting it." The Cherub sighs faintly. "She lost three Forces in the process."

"She only had seven."

"So I'm told. All of her Ethereal Forces, at that, so she won't recognize you, but she was given one to replace those she lost, and she's... learning." She bounces into the air, and wings along for a few paces with her feet tucked up beneath her. "I've never seen a Seraph so small. I would call it a tragedy, but perhaps it's as well that she doesn't remember anything of her old life. Though I'd hate to think she can't even remember who her friends used to be."

"She didn't have any. At least, none on Earth." Incompetent bumbling little Tina, outlet for the frustrations of every other demon in the lab. No surprise that she could never do anything right, under pressure. "I don't think she's forgotten anything she would want to remember."

"I hope not." The Cherub leads us through an arbor covered in roses, to a small area surrounded in hedges, like a roofless room. There's a low table there, and a Mercurian stands up as we enter to bow to us. "She was given a new name, to be a new creature under the eyes of God."

And at the table, a tiny winged serpent, all six eyes concentrating firmly on the paper stretched out on the table. She works diligently with her crayons on the picture before her, wings fluttering from time to time as she sorts between colors to pick up another. She's barely larger than Maharang, a coiled Seraph the size of a five-year-old human child.

"Ling," says the Cherub, dropping down to lie by the table, "there's someone here to see you."

The little Seraph looks up at me. "'lo," she says, blinking all her eyes. She ducks her head, covers her face with four of her wings, peers at me between feathers. "Pleased to meet you. I'm Ling."

"Emmanuel," I say, and sit cross-legged on the grass across from her. "But you can call me Mannie."

"They say I knew you. Before. But I don't remember." Not-Tina lets the feathers drop away from her face. "Were we friends?"

"No, not really. But we worked together for a time, and you owed me a few favors." I sort out the hooks that lead to this tiny creature, and let them dissolve, one by one. "You don't owe me anything, now."

"Okay." She selects another crayon, and draws a yellow line down the paper. "I'm drawing a picture of Mama Novalis, when she brought me to Heaven. I keep trying, but none of my pictures are good enough yet. Maybe this one will be good." Her wings flutter out, settle down again. "That's the first thing I remember. That I wasn't falling apart. I don't remember falling apart, but I remember Mama holding me together, and telling me I'd be okay." She leans forward across the table, to whisper in my ear. "And she was telling the truth."

I watch her color for a few minutes, Nosha still waiting quietly behind me. "I ought to go," I say. "Good luck with your picture, Ling."

"It's not good enough yet," says the Seraph, and pushes her drawing aside for a fresh sheet of paper. "But I'm going to keep practicing until I get better. My friends say if I want I can try all sorts of other ways to draw." She looks up as I stand, and stretches out one wing in a wave. "Thank you for coming to see me. Will you come visit me again?"

"I will."

"Good. I like to see my friends." And then she's back to intense concentration, one color after another to draw a picture no one else can understand.

Nosha doesn't speak until we're well out of the Glade, all the way back to its workshop where the car waits for us. "Why the terror?"

Having a friend who can read your every emotional quirk is not always comfortable. "Because I could have ended up like that. No memories, mind of a child, and even that bit of mind granted to me. When I asked the Boss to bring me through redemption... I feared soul death, I feared that it was a lie, I was even afraid of being so weak on the other side that I wouldn't have been worth the effort. But I never thought to be afraid of losing myself."

"Do you consider yourself to be the sum of your memories?" Nosha pops the hood of the car, and begins detaching the safety covers over the engine.

"Not entirely. But of what I am..." I go searching for the first toolbox we'll need, and find it where I left it last time. "I'm the Forces that make me, but those aren't my choice. My Mother twisted those together, and most of them from Vapula himself. I'm the choices I've made and will continue to make, but all my past choices are part of memory. I'm the sum of all those things and memory. If I lost memory... I'm not sure what I'd have left."

"Great and worthwhile things are seldom easy, or without risk." Nosha turns on the holographic view of the engine's interior. "When Jean held me together and I was redeemed, I lost eight Forces. I had only the strength of a new demon, by the time he was done. But I've never once doubted that returning to Heaven was worth the price I paid."

"I don't doubt it was worth it." I watch as the display begins marking out the new system Nosha has grafted on. "Or that it would have been, if I'd lost more. This doesn't prevent the idea from frightening me."

"Maybe redemption should remain terrifying," Nosha says. "Fear was once a holy Word. If redemption was an easy and gentle process, there'd be less reason to fear a Fall."

"Do you think that's reason enough for it to be so hard?"

"No," says Nosha, and yanks the first fin out of the side of the car. "No more than gravity exists to remind us not to walk off cliffs. But I don't think you want to spend all this time working here with that as the topic of conversation, do you?"

"Possibly not." It's a topic for another time, but I'd like to enjoy this lull between crises while I have the opportunity. I pull a wrench out of the toolbox. "Conservation of energy?"

"Let's conserve some."

"Hey," says Sharon, from down below, "do you know if there's any poison ivy in these woods?"

I finish scrambling up as high as the branches will allow. "Don't know, sorry. Watch what you touch?"

"I guess." She stuffs her hands into her pockets. "This would be more exciting if Jack let me help. It's not like I haven't cased trickier places than this. Like that one time we hit the Game Tether. I mean, that came off messier than expected, but he didn't tell me to wait outside while he had all the fun, either."

"I believe he's concerned for your safety," Aglaya says. She rests against the bottom of the tree, hands in her pockets.

"If he were all that concerned, I wouldn't be running across the country with him." Sharon sighs. "Besides, what could be that dangerous about casing a research center?"

"You never know," I say, and experiment with hanging my knees from a branch. I snap a picture of each of them from up there, and wish Aglaya weren't wearing her sunglasses. It would be convenient to get a snap of her eyes to send off to Mannie. Maybe later. "Remember what happened in Milwaukee when we thought we were just hitting a real estate office."

"Point. But if anything, I should be tagging along to keep him safe. I mean, hello, Mercurian." Sharon picks fragments of bark off the tree.

"A Mercurian who can take care of himself," Jack says, sauntering towards us. "The wall's nothing more than stone, and the security system? I could break through with a toothpick. I'll bring more tools for this clean in and out, but I'm not expecting trouble. Only hitch I can see is if there's a night shift, but that's a matter of keeping watch and staying out of the way. This place is not designed for high security."

Sharon coughs. "And I remember when you said that Game Tether was--"

"Okay, so I've made mistakes! But, seriously. Cheap, generic security systems. And unless this project is monumental, they're not going to have artifacts hanging in every entrance, of which there are several, I note. Not even counting windows."

"Windows aren't as much fun on Earth as they are upstairs. You go out a high window, you just fall." I swing down out of the tree, and land neatly on my feet in front of Jack, because that's what I do. Tripping isn't my style, that one time I lost a foot aside. "Think we can hit the place tonight? I'd rather get this done soon, so that it's not a problem if we need your help again."

"Easy enough. Call it, oh, two in the morning? Late enough that even really late workers have gone to bed, not so early that early risers arrive. " Jack stretches, leaf-filtered sunlight rippling across his black leather jacket. It's a pretty picture, so I snap a photo of it, and hope the lens settings were right. "What's with the new photography habit? Taking up a hobby?"

"It's a Role thing," I say, which is true, if not the entire truth. I don't want to go into the details of Discord pictures in front of Aglaya. "Do you know how fast a camera lens can open and close?"

"No, but I trust you'll tell me on the way back." My ever-favorite Mercurian grins, and slings an arm over my shoulder. "Coffee?"

"Always."

We end up deciding on the place with lousy chai but good sandwiches, on Sharon's reminder that some people need to eat out of necessity and not just Role-maintenance. Jack pays, with the credit card he swiped from my wallet at some point, and Aglaya collects a newspaper on the way to the table. It's a weirdly comfortable dynamic for such an odd group as us four, but at least Jack's not eyeing the Impudite like he's trying to figure out where to hide the body. Or not so often as he was last night. A bit of paranoia in her direction isn't a bad idea, but I can't work with people at each other's throats. Being nominally in charge of this group is weird enough already.

"There has to be something to do in Memphis," Sharon says, prying her sandwich open to eat it layer by layer. "I mean, once we get there. Kai, you ever been to Memphis?"

"Not yet." I let the route to that place stretch itself out in my mind, a moment of imaginary travel. "See if there are any clubs with good live music? There ought to be, in Memphis."

"We could stop by Austin," Jack suggests. "There's supposed to be plenty of live music there."

"Memphis," Sharon says.

"Just a quick stop on the way--"

"Memphis!" Sharon waves a pickle at him in mock threat. "No detours, no side trips, no errands, no 'Oops I forgot that I left that talisman in the motel three states back.' Memphis."

"Fine, so we're going to Memphis!" Jack swipes the pickle. "Relax, Sharon. It was just a suggestion."

"Oh, my," Aglaya says, so quietly I nearly don't hear her. "Kai?" She folds her newspaper over and passes it to me. "That article."

"Huh. Dead body, currently believed to be a hunting accident, no suspects--" I stop. Re-read the paragraph about the dead woman. "Assistant director of the Richard Hodges Center for Research. You think that's--"

"I recognized the picture," Aglaya says, and there is a fuzzy scan of some photograph accompanying the article, cropped to leave a smiling woman and half of someone's arm staring out at me. "In the house, there were..." She picks up her drink to turn it about in her hands. "Pictures. I tend to notice these things. In those circumstances."

Three demons and a hunting rifle. Overkill for getting a single human out of the way, and messy, likely to draw attention, but if they knew she being watched... Still, even for Vapulans, that's unusually direct. "Any other articles about missing staff?"

"Not that I saw." She takes the paper back, flips quickly through. "They could have been, mm, freelancers? Brought in to deal with the problem. No local Roles."

"Didn't strike me as the type who do that sort of thing professionally. Scientists doing fieldwork, that I could believe. But someone would notice if that many people didn't show up to work in the same place on the same day."

"Maybe. Dominations have certain talents for dealing with issues like those. Calling in sick, family emergencies..."

"And somehow," Jack says, "I get the impression that I'm missing out on context. Want to fill the rest of us in?"

"Sure. But not here." There are ways to get around particular words and concepts when discussing private matters in a public place, but if I need to hold an entire conversation about Kyriotates of Destiny, murders, missing demons, and Vapulan plots through clever use of metaphor and euphemism, I'm going to need a lot more coffee than they can offer me here. And there's a Kyriotate out there who has information we want. "I'll explain on the way."

Finding my way back to a place I've been is easy, even taking Jack's car. Aglaya's quirky little hatchback may quarrel over shifting, but at least it has decent acceleration. The waiting is harder, partly because I'm easily bored, and partly because this is not a happy little family. Which should be attributable to having Aglaya with us, but... isn't. I can't read all the tension I'm feeling. I'd just as soon wait here with Sharon, but I know better than to leave Jack and Aglaya alone together.

Finally, a squirrel runs down a tree trunk to chatter inquisitively at me. "Sorry to bother you again," I say, "but I think we need to talk."

The Kyriotate glances over at the rest of them with me. Sharon raises her hand. "Default Kyrio host," she says. "Go ahead. I'm used to it by now."

Her eyes unfocus for a moment. "What do you need?" the Kyrio asks, folding its arms. "I have other matters to see to."

"Short story. We're investigating the center where your human was working. Well, where 'investigating' means 'breaking into and riffling for data later tonight', anyway. Seems reasonable to assume there's some connection between the Vapulans there and why you ended up with three demons in the back yard."

It's silent for a moment. A bird wheels overhead, and I can't tell if it's the Domination or only local fauna. "That seems unlikely to be a coincidence," it says. "What do you want from me?"

"Information on what she was looking into that might have gotten her killed."

"I don't know. I followed her to work, but only observed from outside the building. The day before that incident, she seemed agitated, but otherwise didn't act unusually. I assumed she'd had an argument with some coworker. If she did discover something that would have put her in danger, she made no move at the time to tell anyone else." It sighs. "Certainly not her dogs. Perhaps I should have borrowed her body for a few moments to check what she might have written on the computer, but I was attempting not to interfere."

"So probably nothing monumentally shocking. Enough that they considered it a major risk, though." I set out a quick and simple circuit to pace through, to let me think more clearly. Impudite, Mercurian, human-Kyriotate, tree on either edge to keep things stable. "We are going in tonight. If you came along, you might be able to help us look in appropriate areas. That, and your Choir is handy for dealing with unexpected security guards. We're trying to keep this quiet."

"This seems suitable. I would like a chance to further investigate the ones who did that to her. You believe there are more than those three involved?"

"Don't know. We might be able to find out."

The bird dives down into the trees near us, and a moment later, a fat brown mouse scrambles up Sharon's leg. She shakes her head, and opens a jacket pocket for the mouse to climb into. "That ever continues to be weird," she says. "I take it the Kyrio's coming along?"

"Apparently so. Do you mind if Neski-mouse rides in your pocket until tonight?"

"Hardly. It's cute."

The mouse gives a tiny, disgusted sniff from the top of the pocket, and then disappears down inside.

Sneaking isn't among my talents, though I've spent enough time with Windies to not be a complete failure. Still, it's comforting to notice that Aglaya has a harder time of the "creep silently across the dark open areas of the gardens towards the main building of the center" process than I did.

Sharon hums quietly as she picks the lock on the first office. She's not even using Jack's skeleton-key talisman, but doing it entirely on skill. Neski-mouse sits on her shoulder, watching the process.

The door swings open, and she grins at Jack. And then all four -- five of us pour into the office, and shut the door behind us. "Files," Aglaya says, but I'm already pulling open the drawers to the desk while Sharon fiddles with the lock on the file cabinet.

In a few minutes, people are waving various bits of theoretically-useful paperwork at me. Vigorous picture-taking ensues. That's the joy of being in service to Lightning; I don't need to understand any of this, just pass it along to someone who can. Suits me.

"Ought to check his computer," Sharon says. "Though I don't know what sort of protection he's likely to have on that..."

"At least standard security," Aglaya says. "Possibly something customized as well. It depends on his emphasis. Now, breaking through it could be... challenging."

"Don't look at me," Jack says. "Locks I can do. Surveillance cameras I can do. Burglar alarms I can do. Password-protected files? You're on your own."

"It's not my specialty either," Aglaya says absently, and gets to tapping at the keyboard, completely ignoring the mouse. It reminds me of the way Mannie deals with computers, when he's forced to. "I'll see what I can do. I once traded a great deal of Essence to a Habbalite for a few backdoors in the usual systems, and I suppose this is as good a time as any to see if he was telling the truth."

The door opens, and Neski-guard walks in. "There doesn't appear to be anyone else making the rounds," the Kyriotate says. "I'll continue walking about unless this host is needed near you." It takes a moment to straighten the uniform its host wears, and frowns. "One would think that humans would take better care of their bodies, having only one."

"We try," Sharon murmurs.

"You suceed. You have a comfortable body to operate. This one, not so much." Neski-guard frowns, and gives the jacket one last tug. "I'll be back to my rounds."

"You know," Sharon says, once the door's closed again, "I like angels. Get along with them fine. Appreciate the things they can do. But I am never, ever going to get used to Kyriotates. Every time I think I've learned to deal with them, they go and weird me out again."

"What about that one Windy Kyrio we dealt with, over in Little Rock?" Jack flips idly through folders in the bottom drawer of the filing cabinet, sitting cross-legged on the floor. "Thought you got along fine with that one."

"Oh, sure, she was great, but when she thanked me for remembering to brush my teeth? That got weird."

I finish up with the photos on all the files we've pulled. Nothing that looks useful from what I've seen so far, but then, half of it I don't understand, so how would I tell? "Aglaya, how goes the file-cracking?"

"Not much cracking to it. I haven't encountered a protected file or folder yet. Nothing useful, either. I'll keep looking, but I'm not sure it's worth the time."

I set the balls in clacking motion on the executive toy that sits on one corner of the desk. "Only one more office we know for sure to check, and we can't linger too long. Any objections to hitting that storage room next?"

"I'll get to work on the lock now," Jack says, scrambling to his feet. "Sharon, mind holding the light?"

"Sure thing. Though I still say a Sparky ought to be able to get us some of those cool night vision glasses or the like."

"Tch. Waste of time. It's all in the feel and the sound."

"And yet, you bitch if I let the light wiggle."

The door shuts again, and Aglaya smiles. "They're cute together. It is a pity that circumstances are... as they are. I can think of a few jobs I'd love to ask them for help on. Known them for long?"

"Sharon, a few years. Jack? Half past forever. We used to play together as relievers. Mostly around the Groves and the Halls of Creation, but we flew all over the place." I sit on the edge of the desk, and poke at the clanky little metal balls. "There's this one staircase in my Dad's place, spiral thing, made up of this great wrought-iron railing, and a bunch of individual stairs set together. Every stair's been carved by a different reliever who was hanging around when the guy who built that staircase got to that part. Jack and I have stairs right next to each other. His is done up in trees. Nice work. I mean, especially considering he had, what, four Forces at the time?"

"But he didn't become a Servitor of Creation?" She's still focused on the screen, doing whatever computer things it is that one does when searching for information.

"No. Changed his mind. Or got talked out of it, I think. That was right when the Boss was moving a lot of his Servitors around to other words. I think Wind suits him better anyway. Jack's idea of art is pulling off a heist cleanly." I pull out my yo-yo. Wonderful little toy, and I should have gotten myself one ages ago. "So I can hardly hold it against him."

"Oh? Why would you?" She frowns for a moment, and then begins typing more briskly. "Did he really -- ah. Yes. Well, that was clumsy on his part."

"It's nothing. When we were young, we figured we'd end up fledging the same Choir and join up with Creation together. But I fledged first, and by the time Jack got around to it, he didn't want to go Ofanite or Creation. Wasn't anything serious. Just kid stuff."

"Mm. Kid stuff." She pushes away from the computer. "Not much of use that I could find; I've sent it on to an account for retrieval later. On to the storage room? Or whatever that place might be. I wish the map had been labeled."

The storage room turns out to be not so much storage as some sort of lab all its own, intimidatingly high-tech machines looming down from the ceiling. "Interesting," Aglaya says, as we step into the room. "Sharon, could I borrow your light for a moment?" And then she's off to peer at various panels. "It's... hmm. Not quite standard, but ordinary medical apparatus."

I stare up at the odd pointy shapes stuck to the ceiling. "Are you sure? Because if you told me it was a really freaky new deathtrap, I'd believe that."

"I suppose you haven't been in hospitals much. Or at least not into the rooms with this sort of equipment. No, it's only for various types of scans. Think of it as an advanced form of an X-ray machine. That doesn't use X-rays, and can examine more than bones." Aglaya hands the flashlight back to Sharon. "I'm afraid I don't know enough about these machines to say how they've been modified."

"Weird," says Sharon.

"Tell me about it." I begin snapping pictures of all the pointy bits and panels alike. "I still think there ought to be a trapdoor around here somewhere, this kind of setup."

"No, not that kind of weird. Like, let me look at the blueprints again weird." Sharon points her flashlight at the sheet of paper Aglaya hands her. "Okay. So this room is supposed to be three times as long as that office we were just in, right? But it isn't. Twice, sure. Maybe even a bit more. And it's hard to tell with all this junk in here, but three times? It's not. I'm sure."

"Flaw in the blueprints, or concealed room?" I ask, more to myself than anyone else. "Right. Dealing with Vapulans. Concealed room."

"If it's in the usual location..." Aglaya walks along the back wall, and then taps on a tall metal cabinet. "Can someone get the lock on this one?"

"Right on it," Sharon says. "Should I expect any unpleasant surprises?"

"Wouldn't be a surprise if you were expecting them," Jack says, and gives the lock a once-over while Sharon pulls out her tools again.

The door right inside the cabinet proves trickier. I meander past various panels and scanners and I-don't-know-whats while the Windies get that taken care of, and Aglaya leans against the wall watching me. I need to find another chance to talk with her, some time when she's not so upset. And possibly some place with a little less company, because I'm sure there are things she won't talk about in front of Jack and Sharon. Maybe not to me either, but that I can't know until I ask.

"Right," Sharon says, "that's that. Door's all yours. Experience tells me it's a bad idea for me to be the first one to walk into hidden rooms."

"Oh? Hadn't heard that story." We swap places, leaving her out with Jack while I step into the cabinet. "You'll have to tell me about that some time."

I turn the handle, and open the door just a crack. Light begins to seep out; so they haven't turned the lights off inside? No sounds from inside, so I push the door open the rest of the way, and step inside.

Tiny room, barely enough space for more than one person to stand in the center. And around the edges, stacks of cages, mostly empty. I count two dogs, three cats, and in a cage at the back of the room too small for it to turn around, a mountain lion.

"Weird," says Sharon, right behind me. "Why would they go to all the trouble to hide this?"

"I don't know. It's not very humane, but..." I crouch down to look at the nearest cage. The dog in there is muzzled, and shakes her head fiercely at me. "Vapulans mean weirdness, one way or another. The trick is figuring out what kind of weirdness this is."

"I think the cougar's drugged," Sharon says. She puts a hand inside its cage, and receives no response. "Still breathing. And... okay. You want weird? How about this. All these animals locked in cages, and only this dog over here has a water bottle and food dish. Bare cages for everyone else. Only that one has newspaper on the bottom of its cage."

One of the cats yowls at me, and scratches at the lock on its cage.

"Sharon. Can you get this cage open?" I motion her over to where the dog continues to give me a pointed look. "I have a nasty feeling about this."

"Half a sec." She crouches down beside me, and works on the lock for only a few seconds. "Piece of cake. There you go."

I open the door, and reach inside. Undo the straps around the dog's face. "Better?"

"It's about time," snaps the dog, and she steps outside the cage, stretches her legs. "Everyone else out, as long as your human knows that sort of lock-work. Start with that cat next to me."

Aglaya stands in the doorway, arms folded. "We're not trying to hide that we've been here anymore?"

"Don't think so." I nod to Sharon, who's still looking unsettled that the dog's begun to talk. "Priorities have changed."

The dog beside me looks up at Aglaya, and her eyes narrow. "She's--"

"With us. Yes. We know."

The dog whuffs out a breath. "Well. If you're aware, then let it be on your head. My name isn't easy to pronounce in this language, but you can call me Duchess. Malakite of Animals, and it's about time someone showed up. The cat next to me is a Cherub I've worked with before, though I didn't expect to meet him under these circumstances. Don't know the cat beyond that, and the one at the far end is, I believe, an ethereal. Couldn't say what type. The cougar over there is one of ours, and a Cherub, though I don't know her. They've been keeping her more heavily drugged than the rest of us. Can you carry her?"

"Between Jack and me, we can manage. Can you tell me how many demons we need to deal with?"

"Two Impudites. Weak ones, I think. They come by each day to drain our Essence. Though..." Goldie sits down, and scratches behind one ear. "They didn't come in at all today. Nor most of yesterday. One Djinn, who may have attuned to some of us. He would bring us into the other room for their tests, but never assist in the testing. And the one in charge, I don't know what. Maybe Balseraph. If so, he never considered us worth lying to."

Jack and Sharon proceed down the row of cages, opening each lock. The cat named as possibly an ethereal spirit darts out the instant its cage is opened, and disappears through the door. Recovering that is low on the list of priorities.

The small dog in the cage with the water dish, no more than half grown, whines when its cage is opened, and cowers back. "The attuned of that Cherub," Goldie says, and trots over to nose at the puppy and comfort it. "An effective means of controlling a dangerous Cherub, to have her attuned at their mercy. He may need to be carried as well."

Jack and I maneuver the cougar out of its cage. Its eyes open slowly as we pick it up, and then close again. "This," Jack says, trying to catch a dangling paw, "is going to be a pain to get out stealthily. We can't just drop her over the wall."

"Right." And... they're looking at me to make a decision, aren't they? Even Goldie, peering up at me from where she's still keeping near the puppy. "Okay, here's the plan. Sharon gets the car, brings it around. You and Sharon pack in this Cherub and anyone else who needs a ride, get the hell out of here, while Neski keeps the guard at the gate from noticing anything. Aglaya and I can do a quick sweep of the second office, and then we meet you back at the place I'm staying some time... later. Probably going to take a few hours if we want to be careful and quiet."

"I would prefer to stay and confront those demons directly, now that I have more backup," Duchess says, "but we need to get these to safety first. Your plan is acceptable."

"I think we've already confronted three of them, though I'm not sure which three." I go over the fight in my head. "Probably the two weaker Impudites. They went down quickly. Not sure about the third. Heavy-set, brown hair, and, um, can't say as to what his face looked like. I was distracted at the time, and by the time things slowed down, he didn't have much of a face anymore."

"The Djinn, then. When was this?"

"Yesterday morning."

"Then they may have had time to send in reinforcements, and ones that won't be pleased. Let's hurry."

Sharon's already gone, and by the time Jack and I carry a floppy-heavy cougar the way to the front gate, she's there with the engine running and the headlights off. The guard at the gate gives us a casual wave, and opens a smaller walking-gate from inside the larger one for us to move through. "I can't take care of this guard and the one inside at the same time," the Kyriotate says, leaning out the window of the guard shack, "but I left him well away from the place you were investigating, and I'm watching him through a mouse. I'll jump back in as soon as the car's out of view."

"Understood." Shoving a cougar into the back seat isn't as easy I would have thought, and eventually ends up with both doors open and Jack pushing on one end while I pull from the other.

When we're done, Duchess leaps into the car with the two cats, and Jack sets the anxiously wiggling puppy down in the back. "Thank you for your help," Duchess says, ducking her head. "I don't expect we'll meet again soon; I need to report to my Superior as soon as we're far enough way to feel safe. May I have your name, to know who to thank?"

"Kai," I say. "Ofanite of Creation. In service to Lightning."

Goldie shakes her head at me. "Lightning? More dishonor on my part, to need rescuing by them. But... we have always dealt well with Creation. I'll be grateful to Eli's children."

Jack passes me his skeleton key before getting in. "For the last office. Watch your back, okay?" Neither Aglaya nor I miss the way he glances at her when saying it. "I'll get them out of the way. See you in a few hours."

The Impudite and I step back onto the grounds, and then make all due haste inside so that the Kyriotate can swap hosts around. Neski-mouse greets us at the door to the second office, and climbs up Aglaya's leg to her jacket pocket. Makes a disgusted squeak to discover that the pocket it chose is nothing but decoration, and doesn't extend down far enough to be a comfortable riding spot.

"So," I say, working the talisman into the lock. "Big room full of equipment. Tiny room full of cages of... huh. Not just celestials, apparently. Tests. I'm guessing it has something to do with vessels, and it's a lot easier to get away with strange tests on animal vessels than trying to confine human vessels in a place like this. Any previous clues starting to click together?"

"Slightly. I have a few... ideas." Aglaya watches the corridor, the mouse perched on her shoulder like a reliever. "Possibly they were studying ways of detecting vessels, though that wouldn't be of much use unless they could do it in a more portable manner. Though... no, that wouldn't make sense. If that's all they wanted, they could have thrown a few three-Force demonlings into cheap vessels for study. Trying to cage a Malakite? That's dangerous."

"So they must have had some reason for choosing angels and ethereals." The door clicks open. "Ha! Knew I could manage it. I mean, with a good talisman at hand. Hit the computer while I get the file cabinet?"

Aglaya sits down and turns the computer on. "Let's see if he's stupid enough to keep confidential data on a work computer... If you'll forgive me for saying so, Kai, I like working with you."

"Why would I hold that against you?" Opening the lock is easy enough, but working out how to get the stuck drawer on this file cabinet open is more of a challenge. I finally settle on the brute-force method, and yank it all the way open -- off the runners, and I barely manage to catch the drawer before it all falls on the floor. "If anything, I appreciate the compliment. I'm not typical Lightning material, and the way I don't understand science drives Sparkies up the wall." I set the drawer back in its tracks.

Aglaya scoops Neski-mouse off her shoulder, and drops it down in one drawer. "Would you mind taking a quick look for any receipts?" And then to me, "It doesn't bother me. I've always been a generalist myself. A shallow understanding of a broad range of subjects. If anything, it's a relief to not have someone hanging over my shoulder telling me how much better they could do everything I'm working on."

"Unless you decide to take up ballet or the piccolo, I'm unlikely to criticize your technique." I sort through the files for anything with a suitably vague or suspicious name, poking at the thickest files for information hidden inside. Not much worth pulling out for pictures that I can tell. "Okay, maybe on driving, but I prefer to drive and most people let me, so it's not often that I criticize anyone's driving techniques while they're in the process of doing so. That one time with Gamma aside, and I still say she should have signaled before switching lanes, even if we were trying to catch up with that Shedite in the cement truck. Common courtesy, right?"

"I suppose so." Neski-mouse returns from the desk with a slip of paper clenched between its teeth. "Mm. Interesting. Thank you, Domination. Let me see if I can do a search on these numbers..."

The second drawer on the file cabinet comes out with only a bit of coaxing, though it does squeak angrily. "I don't think this guy does much in the way of paper filing, Aglaya. The drawers don't open like they're being used all the time."

"Paper is an archaic method for data storage." Aglaya chuckles. "But it does have the slight advantage that it's far harder to make dozens of copies without anyone knowing the difference... Speaking of making dozens of copies, I think this might be useful. Sent it to the same address to look at later."

Neski-mouse leaps onto Aglaya's shoulder, and begins squeaking urgently. "Company?" I ask, already stuffing folders back into the drawers. The resounding mouse-noise suggests yes. "See if you can stall them with the guard. Aglaya--"

"Shutting down." She leaps up and shoves the desk chair back in, stuffs the invoice back into the drawer. "Which direction--"

The mouse indicates to the right.

I close the door behind me, and stare at it for a moment. It's not the kind of lock you can just turn on the inside doorknob, and the skeleton key may be good for unlocking, but I don't know how to lock anything with it--

Aglaya grabs my sleeve, and shakes her head quickly. Agreed. We dash down to a recessed doorway as footsteps approach at the other end of the hall, press back into that space there. Three sets, by the sound of it.

"--could turn on the lights," Neski-guard says, the voice a low rumble of someone who's accustomed to smoking a pack of cigarettes every day. "So as not to trip on anything--"

"No, thank you." The voice is thin, irritated. "As you can see, I can find my way around in the dark, and my colleague and I will step inside my office. Your dutiful concern for building security and the safety of the inhabitants is well-noted."

"See, it's late, and it's dark, and I was thinking--"

"Then stop thinking, and go do your damn job!" The irate voice hits a certain pitch. And then, "Sorry. Don't know what I was thinking. As you said, it's late, and my friend here came in on a very late flight, it was delayed, but we must go over a few things before tomorrow morning--"

"No, I understand, Doctor." Neski-mouse sniffs indignantly from Aglaya's shoulder as Neski-guard begins to move away. "Didn't mean to bother you. If you'll just let me know you're heading out when you go, so I can make sure there aren't any problems with the alarms--"

"I'll certainly do that." Impatience pouring from that one's words, and ten gives you one that's our demon number four who's just walked in late. With a friend in tow? Reinforcements. But I'm not about to jump two of them with only Aglaya at my side, and my supervisor does get tetchy if I go straight to vessel-slaughter without assessing the situation first. The Sparky cleanup crews get annoyed if I'm calling them out to a second "please justify this triple homicide in a way that won't compromise my Role" incident in a month.

The sound of keys in a door. "The security's pathetic," says the same voice, more quietly, "but just persistent enough to be annoying. If you'll step inside--" And the door clicks shut behind them. A tiny patch of light spreads across the floor, leaking around the edges of the door.

Not a chance I'm letting this opportunity go to waste. Creep sneak pad down the hallway, and I lean against the door, ear to the wood.

...and being able to hear muffled conversation from inside is useless when they're speaking in Helltongue.

Aglaya shuffles over next to me, gives me a questioning look. I shrug, point her at the door.

And find myself trying to pace very quietly while she listens.

The light's still dim enough that I have trouble making out her expressions as she listens in on information I'd like to have. Which raises the uncomfortable but lingering issue that I can't trust her, and I'm going to be relying on whatever information or variation thereof she chooses to pass on. I've already been too proactive around here to hang back and wait for confirmation elsewhere, gotta keep on moving, and while that's my preferred state, it does mean I like planning based on unreliable data.

On the other rim, it can't be as chancy as running around with Windies.

And then she's scrambling past me, and I can take the hint, back down the corridor, around the corner -- dead end at the storage room, but we can wait here while they head out the other way, having finished that conversation.

Some quiet comment in Helltongue from the second demon, and Aglaya yanks on my sleeve, mouths, "This way." Points to the door to the room that isn't, in fact, a storage room at all, but full of equipment and several empty cages.

Door unlocked, open, closed, relocked, and I can barely make out the footsteps on the other side of the door. Would dearly like to have Jack at my side right now, he'd appreciate this sort of chance, but Aglaya's getting twitchy, so I duck down behind one of the larger scanning machines with her.

Another key in the door. I'd like to express something creative to these two by means of the dog leash still wrapped up in one of my pockets, but Aglaya's going to have some serious worrying to do if any of them see her, and... well. I'm good, but two versus one, and I don't know how good either of them might be? I'll wait, I'll wait, I'll crouch down here beside her and wait and I suck at waiting. I really do.

The door opens, and the two of them step into the room. Can't see anything from this angle, and Aglaya's gone pale enough for me to notice even back here, so I won't peek around. Yet. No matter how much I might be curious. Wait wait wait and they're still talking as they move to the back room. There's going to be some unhappiness shortly.

Let's see. Sit around in a room that's likely to be searched for hiding cat-ethereals or what not (and where did that one run to? It'll have a hard time getting outside of this building on its own) as soon as they realize everything's missing, or get out of here?

While I'm seldom one to turn down a good fight, I'm fond of an excuse to run. I tap Aglaya on the shoulder, and point to the door. They're already unlocking the cabinet, we're only going to have a moment to ditch once they pass inside before they're heading back out again. She shakes her head quickly, eyes wide.

Neski-mouse pokes her in the neck with its nose, and then scrambles down her jacket to scamper over towards the door. Two to three, and she's outvoted. The cabinet door swings closed, and I'm already on my feet, turn the handle and out of here--

Aglaya's a half second behind me, and -- clank. She let the door close too fast.

Bet they heard that.

I scoop up Neski-mouse from the floor and switch from stealthy to run away. Sure enough, doors slam inside. Run run run, counting on Aglaya to keep up with me, and it's down this hall right turn down the hall through the arch left the back door open and out onto the grounds. Fraction of a pause outside, just to make sure, and then Aglaya runs out the door, glances around wildly until she sees me.

"Can't let them--"

"See you, right." I grab her hand for the running this time, make sure she's heading in the right direction and I'm not outpacing her. "Neski, anything you can do back there to -- no, you don't want to risk that host."

"Got more," Aglaya gasps, and she can't possibly be getting tired from this fraction of running, I think that's honest fear that's making her words jerk about. "Backup. Two others, don't know where, somewhere outside he said--"

"Right. Running faster." I deposit Neski-mouse in the pocket without the leash, and take the best route towards wall-road-elsewhere. Which involves dodging a hedge or two, and I swear, I'm getting flashbacks to certain incidents with Jack, Sharon, and Nip, except usually there'd be dogs barking at this point. Or someone shooting.

A chip goes flying off the wall as I get to it, and, right, that would be the shooting. Up and over with a hand to help Aglaya along, not that she can't manage the wall but I wish she'd move a little faster, down between trees and straight for the road. No shouting behind us, and I'm going to call that a bad sign, because it means these people know what they're doing well enough to not bother making a fuss.

Dry leaves and running mean we've abandoned any pretense at sneakiness. Tricky part is getting out of here before anyone gets close enough to compromise either of our Roles, though running around in the dark helps for that. Doesn't help so much for footing, but I can cope, and so far Aglaya's keeping up with me.

She yanks back on my hand. "Car." And there is a dark-colored sedan parked out on the road, right about where we were going to hit. "Can we take that?"

"Do you know how to hot wire a car?"

"...no."

"Neither do I. Better plan." I pull her out to the road, and those are footsteps through the trees behind us, more methodical than hurried, because they can see we don't have any place to go. Plenty of time to acquire a straight shot. My motorcycle snaps into view, and this is the second best toy I have ever been given, and considering how often Jack's been running off with my phone lately, strongly competing for first. "C'mon."

Neski-mouse is a tiny lump in my pocket, Aglaya has her arms wrapped around my waist, and I'm good to go. I slam out onto the road as they step out from the trees, and if the disturbance from summoning my bike tips them off about us being more than your average human, that's not really my top concern.

Into the city, or away? Too many lights in that direction: away. And the acceleration on this bike is beautiful, cranking up to full speed even as I toss in a bit of swerve to keep anyone trying to shoot at us guessing. Lucky thing that, by the snaps I hear, not the sound of an ordinary gun. Silencer-cough or Vapulan death ray, I can't tell, not my area of expertise. I prefer closer combat. Now, the sound of the car engine back there starting up, and headlights behind us? That I recognize.

Faster and faster, and even having someone behind us can't much reduce how much fun this is. Not often I get to push the bike as fast as it'll go. "I just want to make sure it's clear," I tell Aglaya, voice raised over the wind, "I don't mean to condone riding around without a helmet. But I only have one, and we were in a hurry, so I didn't have time to pass it over to you."

Her grip around my waist tightens. "...what?"

"I mean, just in general, it's not a good idea to ride with a helmet! That's all."

"They're shooting at us!"

"But not hitting us, so we're still fine." Moving in a straight line would be faster, but I'm wiling to sacrifice some speed for a better chance against those bullets. Might need a few more shots than usual to take out your average celestial compared to a human, but a piece of metal through the head will ruin anyone's day. "Keep your head down, I'm going to speed up."

"What?"

I'm not sure if that's an inability to make out what I was saying, or disbelief. No matter. I snap off the cover that Mercurian insisted on installing over that one switch, flick the switch, and get a whole new burst of speed. Beautiful. I love Sparkies, and all their toys, and pretty much anything that can get me going this fast. And that's definitely a whimper coming from Aglaya behind me. Neski-mouse is probably glad it can't see the speedometer, even if it can feel the acceleration.

And that shot was a little too close. How are they keeping up? ... Vapulans, right. They're as likely to have tricked out their car as any Sparky, and I need to swerve. "Change of plan," I tell Aglaya. "You holding on?"

"What?"

That was trepidation, not confusion. But we're just hitting a stretch of road where -- right over there, nice open grassy area leading up to a stand of trees, and no fence. Off the road and onto dry grass, and Aglaya's grip is trending towards painful, but that just means she's really securely on the bike. Well. Really securely holding onto me.

No surprise that the car follows us off the road, but I'd like to see them try to drive between trees. And, woah, low branch, good thing I had Aglaya put her head down. I push at the Symphony for a bit of help with this, because uneven terrain and a slick dead-leaf carpet don't make an ideal driving surface, and keep my balance.

Even down the incline on the other side of the trees, didn't see that coming, good thing the stream is exceptionally shallow, up the other side, could use a little more light here but the headlights are dropping further back as I go, and then straight out into proper bumpy forest.

I give it about five minutes of near-collisions with trees before I decide we've outpaced them, and slow to a stop. I pull Neski-mouse out of my pocket. "I imagine you could use this Force elsewhere. Is it safe to leave the mouse here, or do you need to return it to where you picked it up?"

The Kyrio squeaks, and runs down my leg, disappears into the grass. Answer enough.

I put down the kickstand on the bike, remove Aglaya's hands from my waist, and step off. "Now that made the whole night worth it right there."

She gets off the bike. Stares at me for a moment. Grabs the collar of my jacket. "Are you insane? Are you trying to kill me?"

I grin. "If I were trying to kill you, you'd be dead." And her face that close to mine is a bit on the near side of my personal space, but I don't think this is the time to bring that up.

Didn't expect her eyes to go blank like that, though. She lets go, takes a step back. "Sorry," she says. "It's just..."

"No offense taken. Haven't driven with an Ofanite who really wants to get somewhere, have you?"

"Yesterday, when you went to investigate that disturbance--"

"That was me being diligent in getting there, not trying for speed." I pat my bike. "Besides, this one's much better than your car. Um. I should maybe let you catch your breath before we head back?" Another touch on the Symphony, and there's the back road that'll take me to the city without ever touching the place we just left. "Even if they're running through the trees after us, they're on foot, and we made some distance. There's time."

"I'll be... fine. Just. Promise you're not going to hit anything?" She wraps her arms around herself, and I wonder if that's her Discord acting up again.

"Hey, wait. Idea." I pop open the bike's storage compartment, pull out the helmet. I pass it over to Aglaya. "Should be close enough to the right size. That make you feel better?"

"It's going to do terrible things to my hair," she says.

"So you can use the shower in my motel room again. As long as it's available, at least one of us ought to be wearing that, and you're the best choice. If we start to wipe out, I'll have moer warning that it's happening." I reach over to help her out. "Here, this goes on -- right, and, here, I'll take care of the chin strap for you."

"I feel ridiculous in this, Kai." But she settles back on the bike behind me. "Do we need to go through the trees for long?"

"Nah, there's an old farm road not far from here, and from there I can hit a few other back roads, get all the way back to the city without anyone noticing. Let them go pounding around through the woods all night looking for us. Ready?"

"Yes." She wraps her arms around me. "Could we go... slower, if that's okay?"

"Sure." And I do keep it under a hundred once we hit the first road. Long roundabout way back to the city.

No stars to be seen behind the clouds gathering above, and by the time we get back on city streets it's started to drizzle. I don't mind the rain, but Aglaya's shivering now behind me, so I take the fastest route back to the motel. And disappear my motorcycle rather than leaving it in the parking lot, just in case they got too close a look at that. I don't see anyone recognizing Aglaya or me from distant looks at our backs in bad lighting, but Techies probably have good memories for vehicles.

Aglaya hits the shower as soon as we get into the room, while I work up a quick report from my notes, write it out neatly, and then take pictures with my phone to upload to Gariel. Enough of the unexpected happened tonight that I'd like to keep him updated on how these things are progressing. Getting a bunch of angels out of the lab: good thing. Letting the people in the lab know that we're there: bad thing. The information we gathered: unknown. I suspect the next response from my supervisor is going to include lots of words like "investigation" and "caution" and "analysis". I prefer the responses that include phrases like "burn to the ground" and "all due haste".

A quick rap on the door, and then the lock twists and Jack steps in. "Now that," he says, "was more my idea of a good night. How did your end go?"

I pass him back the talisman, and tuck away my phone now that the report's been sent. "Good news or bad news first?"

"Good news first," Sharon says. She locks the door behind her when she shuts it. "Natural order of things."

"Okay. Good news is we got some more information off the computer from the second office, overheard part of a conversation between two demons -- one of them just arrived -- and got a count on how many Vapulans are hanging around the lab."

"Bad news?"

"Part of the way we got a count was by running out of that place with a few demons in hot pursuit. Managed to avoid getting shot, which is a plus, and the car chase was fun, but they know someone's poking around, and there was disturbance for them to notice, so they're not going to think it was animal rights activists. And on your end?"

"Got all the beasties unloaded," Jack says, "though it got noisy when that cougar-vesseled Cherub woke up in the back and started panicking, until the others could talk her back down. It's a damn good thing Sharon can do healing, or me and my jacket both would still be a mess. Have you seen the claws on one of those things?"

"Not corporeal-side, but I imagine they look much the same as in Heaven." Like sitting down in a familiar car to have the both of them smiling at me. "So. That didn't go as planned, but I'm willing to call it a success."

"If we followed the plan, it wouldn't be half the fun." Jack drops an arm around my shoulder. "Practically like old times, isn't it?" He moves to keep up with my pacing. "We used to have some serious fun."

"True enough, that. Remember the time when you had to come get Sharon and me out of that tree with all the dogs underneath? I believe the phrase was, 'I'm a Friend of Man, not man's best friend.'"

"And what did you expect me to do with dogs anyway? Thank God for 24-hour grocery stores with cheap hamburger." He looks down at me, though it's not so far down as it used to be. I think I'm getting used to this vessel. "You could still hitch a ride with us on the way to Memphis, you know. Not like either of us would mind the company, and you were the one who said we needed another angel around."

"Jack, I have a job. Remember?"

"Come on, Kai. It's not like he's your own Archangel. And you took care of this problem here, right? Give Jordi's angels a few days and they'll come rip the place to shreds themselves. Problem solved."

"Jack." I pull away from his arm to look him in the eyes. "I have. A. Job."

"So take a damn vacation. You used to be able to drop things for a week or two to hang out with friends. Remember? You know, back when you were working for your real Archangel?"

That stings, but I don't think he means it the way it came out. "Look, I need to see this through before I go anywhere, but once it's wrapped up I'll ask for a few weeks off, and--"

"Ask for a few weeks off? What, now you need to schedule all your breaks?" He's not smiling anymore. Neither am I.

"Yes. If I'm going to run off doing whatever I want, I schedule it. Because it's a different job, and I'm trying to be responsible, Jack. What's the matter with that?"

"The problem here is that you're working for fucking Lightning when the Word doesn't suit you at all. You're not a Sparky, you're a child of Eli, and you're supposed to be doing his work! Did he ever get into schedules and appointments and asking permission to take a vacation?"

"This is different!" I don't know why he's saying this, and I want him to stop. He's my friend, we're not supposed to argue like this. Not over important things.

"Of course it's different." Jack runs a hand over his hair. "Kai, this is a bad idea. You're working for an Elohite, you're not even one of his own, you know he'll toss you into something you can't handle if he thinks it's for some ultimate good. They're throwing you around alone, it's dangerous, and it's not you. Whatever happened to 'Sure, I'll meet you tonight' and running off to do something fun?"

"What happened is I joined up with someone who'll tell me what to do." I didn't mean to let that out, it's not exactly what I meant to say, but you can't erase what's spoken, so I move on, pacing around Jack while he stands still and watches. "Look. I lose my vessel, my Role, and then got into that snag with Judgment. It was sign up with someone else on temp work or not get back to Earth at all, what did you expect me to do?"

"I expected you to come speak with Janus." And he is hurt, I didn't mean to offend, but it didn't work that way, years past late to change my mind or reconsider my decisions. "He would have taken you. You're good with us, Kai, we worked well together. Why didn't you?"

"He didn't offer." My current Boss isn't my Dad, can't ever be, but he put out his hand and told me I could come to him.

"So, what, it takes a few shiny toys to buy your loyalty?"

"Jack, you bastard." I stop in front of him, and forget worrying that he's offended, now I can feel my hands curling up beside me. "How can you say that?"

"What do you expect me to think? You spend months with us, doing the work of the Wind, and then you just ditch us and sign up with Lightning! You were supposed to stay with us, Kai. So if it wasn't the toys, what was it? Your Mercurian ditches you, so now an Ofanite Archangel is too warm and fuzzy? Need to switch to Elohite to get rid of all those unpleasant emotional ties?"

"At least I know where he is."

Didn't mean to say that.

I can't deal with this. Don't know what Jack's saying, and that's probably Sharon I hear, but I'm already out the door, downstairs, not the time to call up my bike, just walking. Somewhere. Got to go somewhere else. Walk it off until I don't feel. Like I want to hit Jack. Or myself. Isn't right to feel that way. He's my friend.

It's not supposed to work this way.

Jack kicked the door after it shut. "And fuck you too, Kai."

Turned around to see Sharon staring at him.

And Aglaya, from the doorway to the bathroom. Didn't know she was there. He glared back at her.

Sharon stood up. "I'll catch up. He could use someone to talk to." And she gave Jack a glare of her own on the way out. "See if you can calm down and be less of a jerk by the time we get back, okay?"

Left the two of them in the room together.

Aglaya turned away from him. Pulled on her jacket. "I should go."

"Heard enough to keep you happy?" And he could hit her. Nobody cares if a Mercurian beats up a demon.

"Why should I be happy? Doesn't sound as if anyone else is." She carried shoes and socks over to the bed. Sat down, and began to put them on. "You ought to apologize."

"What, now the demon's trying to give me lessons on manners?"

"No," she said, not looking up at him. "But I'm good at judging people. He'll forgive you even if you don't apologize. But it won't be the same, unless you do."

"Way too late for things to be the same as they used to be." Jack sat down on the other side of the bed. "Hell. Never should have picked up that thrice-damned Lilim in the first place."

"What -- oh. Mannie?"

"Yeah. Or whatever he's calling himself these days." Jack watched his hands twist in his lap. Almost like they weren't his own, of late. "The number of vessels gone through, and Kai's Role, and his entire apartment building burnt down, and... all for that one damned Lilim. Of course Lightning wants to keep him close. Wouldn't want the leash on their pet Bright to get too far out of their control. Not like they care about him at all, they're only using him, and he's not smart enough to see it."

"Or not suspicious enough." Aglaya tied the laces on her second shoe, but didn't stand up. Leaned back against two hands on the bed, to not look at him or anything else. "Aren't Archangels supposed to use their Servitors?"

"Their own, sure. But Kai's not theirs to use. He's supposed to be working for Eli. And if he still were, he'd be... I don't know. Safer. Where he ought to be. Jean's got no right to keep throwing him at things." Jack threw himself back on the bed to stare at the ceiling. Sharon and Kai would be back soon enough, and there would be apologies, and everything would be... smoothed over. But not resolved. Never resolved, these days. "It wasn't worth it."

"What wasn't?" He knew better than to trust the sympathy in her voice.

"Getting that Lilim. Arrogant bastard that he is, and staying safe enough in Heaven, I've noticed. Should've let Kelly slice and dice once we figured out what he was. Or tossed him back to the Game, let them deal with him." Jack shifted to put both arms behind his head. She wasn't going to try anything, and he wasn't afraid of any Impudite. "You know, if anything happened to Mannie, Lightning would lose interest in Kai. Let him go do what he ought to again."

"You think that's likely?"

"Not so long as they keep that one locked up in Heaven, no. More's the pity." Jack remembered who he was talking to. Sat up. "If you--"

"Tell anyone you said that, you'll, what, kill me?" She shrugged. "I wasn't planning on discussing it with anyone. Least of all Kai. It's none of my business." She stood up. "I still think you should apologize."

"What, for telling the truth? Self-delusion is only cute for so long. It's well past time Kai faced reality."

The Impudite met his eyes. Deliberately shrugged. "It's your choice. But if I can make an observation--"

"Don't."

"--you're doing a lousy job of being a Mercurian." An odd little smile. "Believe me. I can tell."

"You know," Jack said, "I could kill you. One of the nice little escape clauses. No dissonance for that."

"Do you think you could manage that? I wouldn't be so certain." She turned her back to him. "Besides. It would upset Kai. You've done enough of that tonight already, haven't you?"

The door shut again. Leaving him alone in a room not his own.

Jack pointed his finger at the door. "Bang. Bang. No more Impudite."

No one else in there to talk to. But if he left, Kai and Sharon might get back and take it the wrong way. And he hadn't meant to... well. Offend. Quite that much. But Nip had told him often enough that the truth could hurt. That was all there was to it. Telling the truth.

He sat there. And waited.

My door hangs half open, so I hear the voices before I see anyone. I had a monitoring system to watch the hallway for a while, but I took it down once Judges stopped making me twitch.

"Maharang. You have grown since I last saw you. How are your classes going?" A voice that's familiar, though I can't place it yet.

"They're fun! I'm learning all about the human stuff on Earth. We were talking about sex and gender stereotypes and expectations today. Really weird, but interesting." And that voice I'd recognize anywhere, named or not.

"You're thinking of going down to Earth duty?"

"Yup yup! I applied for one of the Role-building slots that's opening up in a few months. Nice little arrangement, three relievers doing the kid-parts for the family, Cherub mom to keep track of us, Soldier dad to help us get better with the being-human parts."

"Good luck with that. Is Mannie free? I need to check in with him about something."

"Um. Lemme check." Maharang darts in through the reliever flap it barely fits through anymore, despite the open door. "Mannie, you busy? Judge wants to talk to you, doesn't seem urgent."

"Go ahead and send him in." I've met plenty of Judges over the last few years, so it's no wonder the voice sounded familiar. A moment's time to shut the screen on my computer and turn around. "Nomikos?"

The Malakite settles down into the spare chair in my office, chains clinking. "It's been some time, hasn't it?"

"I haven't seen you since that, ah, incident with Kai. What brings you here today? No, wait, let me guess. You're wondering where Kai is. Doesn't anyone check with his supervisor first?"

"Good guess," Nomikos says. "And we ask you because you're still listed as the primary point of contact for that Ofanite. Having a direct line on the subject in question."

"What do you need to track him down for this time?" If Judgment is concerned about the whole matter of us dealing with Aglaya -- not that we've told them, so far as I know -- this could complicate matters. I leave one pen twirling in my hand, an old trick for channeling lingering unease into motion so that I can keep it off my face.

"The matter isn't your concern," Nomikos says, and it's a gentler response than most Judges would give me.

"Ah. Perhaps not. But Kai is my concern, and I'd like to know what I'm throwing at him. Approximately. And I'm slightly, ah, surprised that they'd send your triad in his direction. Previous incidents considered."

"I'm not working in a triad these days," Nomikos says, and that puts its own interesting spin on things. The last time I saw him, the Malakite was in a quiet sort of disgrace. Apparently he's worked his way back up into his Archangel's good graces since, and then some. "For this task, my previous associations are one of the reasons I was chosen."

"I see." I set the pen down on my desk. "You could, of course, make an official request for cooperation, sent through the appropriate channels, with all the required paperwork, to acquire Kai's current location."

"And you intend to make me do just that, unless you receive more details?" Nomikos leans back in the chair, arms folded. "That's rather presumptuous."

"I'm neither Elohite nor Judgment, and we're talking about your assignment, not mine."

"Mm. True. And so you are allowed to be subjective." The Malakite unfolds his arms. "Very well. To begin with, it's not actually Kai who's being investigated. We're looking for a Mercurian of Wind--"

"Jack. Dissonant and ditching his friends, last I heard."

This does stop the Judge short. "You know about that?"

"One of his friends came in here asking after Kai's location for much the same reason. To take action before it came to the attention of your Superior. I take it Jack's slid all the way over into Outcast?" I was never fond of that Mercurian, and the feeling's been made mutual over time, but I don't like to think of what finding this out will do to Kai.

"He has." Nomikos sighs. "It's never good to discover such things, but... better than to not discover it. I'm supposed to bring him back to Heaven before this can get worse. Kai's the most likely to know where we can find him, or be able to contact him, now that Jack's dropped out of contact with other Servitors of the Wind."

"According to his latest report, they're in the same area. Won't last for long, given Wind's dissonance conditions." I find a blank sheet of paper to write out Kai's current address. "I don't gather why they'd send you on this assignment, though."

"There's some concern that Kai would attempt to protect its friend from being returned to Heaven, especially if approached by angels it doesn't know, or more, mm, aggressive Judges. We met weekly for decades, and it knows me well. Kai's inclined to trust my judgment if it should come to that." He takes the bit of paper I've given him, and reads it over. "No useful Tethers in the area. I'd better get moving. Thank you."

"Certainly. Good luck."

After he leaves, I shut the door, and look up at Maharang, who's been perched on the top shelf of my bookcase all along. "I'm about to be duplicitous. You might want to leave if this will bother you."

"No, I'll stay. They said in classes that you need to know when it's appropriate to mention certain information to certain people, and I might as well get some experience."

"Perhaps." I pull out my phone and call Kai.

"Hey, Mannie, what's up?"

I'm not used to the new vessel's voice yet, but the inflection is distinctly that of my Ofanite. "Trouble. Get somewhere private for a minute?"

"Sure." There's a brief mumble in the background as Kai excuses himself from wherever he's been seated, and then, "What kind of trouble?"

"Jack's gone Outcast. There's a Judge heading your way to pick him up."

"...oh." And there's exactly the hurt in that one word that I'd hoped to avoid, but it's not my fault. Damn Jack for dragging my chipper little Ofanite down into unhappiness. "How soon?"

"I'm not sure. Not for hours yet. He mentioned not being able to get there directly. How much longer will Jack and Sharon be staying?"

"We were planning on stopping by this one guy's house today. Director of the center, looks like he was getting paid off to look the other way... They don't need to leave until tomorrow night." He sighs. "I was afraid of something like that. Just... didn't expect it. Do you know who they're sending?"

"Nomikos. I'm sure you remember him."

"Of course! It's been way too long. I'd -- well. I'd be glad to see him under other circumstances. This is not going to be fun. But Jack's pretty reasonable, so it's not like... he'd do anything stupid, right?"

I consider what I know of Jack's intelligence, impulse control, and habits of late. No reassuring predictions come to mind. "One would hope not. Kai, you might want to keep Aglaya out of the way when Nomikos is around. Judgment has its opinions, and even if we have her under control..."

"Understood. I'll see what I can do. It's... I don't know. It's been a long day. But I'll do my best."

"I wouldn't expect any less of you. Call if you need to talk, okay?"

"I will."

I put my phone away again, and look up at Maharang. "Ah, but what simplicity and honesty we find in Heavenly politics. What do you think?"

"It's weird to tell Kai to hide something from another angel. But... I guess I can see why it's necessary." The reliever drops down to sit cross-legged on my desk. "Does that come up often?"

"Now and then. More with some organizations than others. The Wind doesn't tell people it's planning on swiping their property, War keeps its battle plans secure, and Lightning... Well. We do spend an awful lot of time not giving mortals what we've discovered and created. Not until it's the right time." I pick out the notebook I've been working on most recently from the stack on my desk. "I imagine it's difficult for Seraphim."

"I don't think I could ever be a Seraph," Maharang says. "A little too weird, all that... knowing."

"What do you want to be when you grow up?" I leave the door open behind me, in case anyone wants to drop off files while I'm out. "Still want to be a Bright Lilim?"

"I know I can't be. Doesn't stop me from the wanting." The reliever flies beside me, butterfly-wings sparkling in the light of the halls, and no signs of moving towards one Choir or another. "I admire Elohim, especially with the Boss being one, but I'm not sure I could manage that. It seems so hard, making every decision carefully. I don't know. Got a few Forces left to figure it out, though. What do you think I should be?"

"I'm not the one to make that decision, Maharang." Nosha's office is empty, oddly enough, so I continue without it. "I understand that it's a very personal matter."

"I know. But if you did get to choose, what would you tell me to be?"

Dissonant Mercurian Jack, with a quick smile, a habit of cheating badly at games of poker, and pockets full of anything he could get his hands on. Who picked me up when I was standing by the side of the road, terrified the Game would find me. Convinced Kelly not to kill me then and there. Introduced me to Kai. And now he's being pulled back into Heaven for fear that he might otherwise Fall. "Malakite. I'd tell you to fledge Malakite."

"I though you didn't like Malakim, boss. I mean, not like you really dislike them, but... they're not your favorite Choir, right? Why would you want me to fledge like that?"

I step out into the sunlight. "Is that Nosha up ahead?"

"Sure is! I'll go let it know you're back there, and we can all get coffee together." Maharang darts ahead to catch up with the Elohite, its question forgotten. Or so I can hope.

Nosha waits for me to catch up. "On break?"

"I needed to get out for a while. Kai has, as usual, become tangled up into complex affairs through sheer accident. Did you read the latest report?"

"Indeed. I liked the bit with the car chase. Trust Kai to put the most care and detail into the part where it gets to move quickly." Nosha has a thin tablet computer tucked under its arm, and, I realize, isn't moving towards the place where we get coffee.

"And what sends you trekking off through Heaven?" I change my path to follow along, at least for the moment.

"I'm taking a gift to Ling." Nosha grins at me. "She could use a welcome present from Lightning. We wouldn't want Flowers to get entirely through her head, and even an amnesiac ex-Vapulan deserves a computer. Want to come along?"

"Certainly." Seeing Ling again will be strange, but... reassuring, I think.

"Who's Ling?" Maharang demands, dropping down to ride on my shoulder. "Why are we going to go see Flowers?"

"Ling is a new Seraph," I say, "and smaller than you are. What do you expect her to do with a computer, Nosha?"

"I filled half the drive with picture books on various flora and fauna," the Elohite says. "They can't object to that. And the rest of the space is for some of the more intuitive graphics-creation programs we have available."

"How devious of you. I approve."

"If she has any potential at all -- and I suspect she does, from what I've heard, even if she never made a competent Vapulan -- then she ought to be somewhere useful. Not in Flowers." Nosha scratches Maharang between the wings. "Don't look so distressed, I'm not saying Flowers can't be useful. Only that we could make better use of certain talents."

We end that line of conversation before entering the Glade, and track down Ling. She's sitting on the roof of a little gazebo made of dark wood, and drops down to greet us as we approach. "You came back," she says, and rushes in as quickly as any reliever towards me, but stops short and only ducks her head. "Thank you. You have a reliever with you! I like relievers."

The deer-Cherub descends from the roof more slowly, and nods to us. "Come to say hello?"

"And to bring Ling a present," Nosha says. It passes the tablet over to the little Seraph. "I think you might like this."

"Oh. It's shiny!" Ling turns the tablet over a few times, and then presses the power button. "I like it. What does it do?"

"You can read the books on it. Or draw, even. Here, I'll show you." Nosha withdraws to the steps of the gazebo, Ling flapping along beside it, and Maharang flits in that direction to watch the proceedings.

The Cherub looks up at me. "An interesting gift," she says. "But about what I'd expect from your Word. Your idea?"

"Not mine, no." We move further away, and I drop my voice. "I believe Nosha would like to steal her away from you. It thinks that former Vapulans should naturally wish to join Lightning."

"Oh, does it?" She sounds more amused than offended. "Well, it's welcome to try. Ling will appreciate the company. I don't think she's well-suited to your Word, but as she grows wiser, she's the one who'll have more to say in that direction. What do you believe?"

"I believe she's happy where she is. But as you said, as she grows up..." I shrug. "I don't know how interested she'll be in investigating her old life, or in rejecting any traces of it. I've seen it go either way. Here I am in Lightning, and I can't imagine being anywhere else... But Lin serves the same Word as you do, and she once worked for Malphas."

"How things change," the Cherub says, and watches protectively as three heads, Elohite, Seraph, and reliever, bend over the tablet. "May they ever change for the better."

Sharon draws patterns on the inside of the car window, fast sweeping lines and slower curves. Not looking at the Impudite sitting beside her, or at either of us in the front seat. I think she's more upset about that argument last night than I am, but I've never been one to hold something like that against a friend. So Jack's not happy that I signed up with Lightning: I can deal with that. Sorta knew that for a while now, and even when I made the decision, though I hadn't realized how much it bothered him. Still, we've disagreed over issues before, and if not so strongly... I'll deal. And he'll have to learn to deal.

Now, finding out that he's gone Outcast? That bothers me.

I ought to tell Sharon, but finding a way to speak with her privately hasn't been in the cards. I ought to talk to Jack about it, but we've been not talking about anything but business today, and... okay, so I ought to talk to Jack about it, but I don't want to. Not yet. Maybe once I've had longer to get over some of what he said last night.

So Jack and I aren't talking, Sharon's not talking to Jack or to me right now, and Aglaya's staring out the window. Makes for a quiet drive.

"I wish it would stop raining," she says, and I think it's more to break the silence than because she cares about the weather. A Mercurian and an Impudite in the same car... You'd expect any social awkwardness to be from the two of them trying to kill each other. I'd be more comfortable if they were, it would something to focus on.

"Nothing wrong with rain," Sharon says. Crosses all the lines she's made with new ones. "Reduced visibility can be useful. Though wet grass is harder to run on without slipping."

I crank up the windshield wipers one step further. "Reduced visibility would be more useful if we were, say, trying to hide this car, as opposed to just trying to drive. It's not that I'm taking this man's decision to live so far outside the city personally, but-- Okay, the speed limit is not thirty-five miles per hour. It's a bit of water! What are these people slowing down for? Turn on your headlights and don't hit any glowing red lights in front of you."

"Relax," Jack says, and tilts his seat back far enough that Aglaya frowns at the intrusion on her space. "We'll get there when we get there. Director of the center, he's not going to show up at his house during a work day whether it's one in the afternoon or two when we arrive."

"Shouldn't even be this much traffic in the middle of the day." I take the first gap I can see in the line of cars to my left, splash past the timid driver who was ahead of me. "And trying to get through his personal files without leaving drippy marks on the floor... I think we've ditched subtlety again. Once in a while, it would be nice to do a job that's sneaky all the way through. Sneak in, sneak out, information gathered, none the wiser. Not because I'm fond of that type of work, but because I'd prove I'm capable of doing sneaky."

"Hey, we did that one warehouse in--" Sharon pauses, and frowns. "No, that was the one where you were distracted by the jazz band at the time. You're right. You can't do sneaky to save your life."

"And thank you for that vote of confidence." I slide back over into the right lane, and nearly side-swipe a car in the process, because half these people are going sixty and the other half are going thirty. "Forget sneaky, we'll go for thorough. Don't know how much that director knows, but if they've been paying him off, I don't have much sympathy for him, and certainly not enough to feel bad about leaving wet footprints across his floor." I tap the rearview mirror to catch Jack's face again, now that he's leaning further back. There's an art to using that mirror for complete in-car surveillance.

"If we broke into the house because we needed the information, but didn't think he'd done anything wrong, you would feel bad about leaving wet footprints on the floor?" Aglaya shifts in her seat to be less directly behind Jack, which leaves her leaning towards Sharon.

"I'd try to clean up before leaving."

"You're using an awful lot of 'we'," Jack says. His eyes are closed, one arm propped behind his head, casual voice, and I don't trust any of that. "Why are we keeping you around anyway?"

"To keep an eye on me?" The Impudite's voice has gone bone dry. "To translate Helltongue for you, feed you information, provide additional backup. Take your pick. I try to remain useful."

I find myself on the exit stuck behind someone who's taking all the Slow, Curve signs seriously. Not a day for moving fast. "That, and you have a chance of understanding what the data we're looking at means, should we find any. Unless anyone else in the car picked up a degree in biochemistry while I wasn't looking?"

"Slept through most of biology, myself," Sharon says. "It was at the point where we began to study the life cycle of some undersea polyp that I realized this was information I was never going to need, use, or care about." She frowns thoughtfully. "If this turns out to be all about polyps, won't I feel silly now?"

We have to count from visible street numbers to find the house we want, as most are invisible in the rain. Walls, hedges, tall fences... Every house on this street has closed itself off from the sidewalk. On his it's a wrought-iron fence, easy to see through. The closed garage door doesn't offer any hint about a car at home or not, but all the lights are off. As long as we're not trying for subtle... I park along the curb in front of the house. "Front door or back?"

"Back door," Jack says, and climbs out of the car into the rain.

We're all soaked by the time Jack gets the door open, standing around in the rain while he mutters out curses. Security system, a good lock, and a deadbolt beside, and I don't know why he won't use the talisman. I gave it back. Something to do with pride, I guess. Doesn't want to admit that he needs any help with one of his talents.

Then we finally stumble inside a dark living room, out of the rain. "Next time I'm packing waterproof boots," Sharon says, and she shakes water out of her hair. "Pity the Song of Healing doesn't work on head colds. I suspect I'm going to have a nasty one soon. Please tell me it'll be warmer in Memphis."

"Wouldn't know. Never been there in November before." Jack turns on the light, and glances around. "So we want... what, offices? Anything with a computer in it."

"Computers, file cabinets, diaries, stacks of old receipts, anything that might be useful. Until we track down where any of those demons are living, this is our best route. I hope he knows something, and isn't being paid off in a vague way." I start looking into rooms, and try not to wonder if either of them will hit Memphis before Judgment shows up. I shouldn't be worried about Judgment showing up, because they're just, they're not going to... overreact. But Jack won't be happy about that, no matter how easy they go on him, because they're not going to tell him to go work it off and then leave him be, not with that much dissonance rattling around. Nomikos is reasonable, and, well, maybe he can do more to talk Jack into reason than I could. Jack never listened to me anyway, not since we fledged. I wasn't the smart one.

I go through kitchen dining room second living room guest room bathroom linen closet storage space back to the first living room. It's going to be... not good, but okay. Nomikos will show up, Jack will get sulky and start insulting people, but they'll get back to Heaven and someone who's better at this than I am will fix things and it'll... be okay again. Eventually. Sharon will be annoyed I didn't tell her, but she's well-centered and able to deal with unexpected events, I can track down Nip and the two of them can wreak havoc across the country together until Jack's got his head sorted out. Just need to keep focused on this job in the meantime.

I wish Mannie were here. He always knows what to do when things get complicated.

"Heading upstairs," I tell Jack, and I wish he'd stop watching Aglaya and start looking like Sharon and I are, because this would go much faster with four people poking around, or even three, but she's standing at a window looking out at the rain, arms folded, and he's just... watching her. I mean, I'll grant the untrustworthy part, but there are better things to do with his time than to make sure a nervous Impudite isn't doing anything nefarious.

The stairs are carpeted, it's even white carpet, and I still feel a bit guilty leaving a damp footprint on every third stair. Flip on the hallway light, and I begin checking doors. Bathroom, library, bedroom -- locked. Okay, that's a good sign. I can drag Sharon up here to fiddle with the lock, and if Jack wants to glare at the Impudite, fine, it'll give us a few minutes together where I can run through the situation with her. She deserves to know. I've never been the sort to keep things from Soldiers just because they're human; if they've signed on to fight in this war, they deserve as much information as they can take, the better to deal with what situations they encounter.

"I don't know who you are," says a voice behind me (and how did I not hear him approaching?), "but just... just put your hands up. And turn around. I'm not afraid to use this!"

I could probably duck, slam him against the wall, and do some serious damage with anything on hand before he has a chance to shoot me, but Dad's unlikely to approve of that kind of reaction to a mortal in over his head. So I put my hands where he can see him, and turn around slowly enough to not spook the guy. He's about my height, in a bathrobe, gun pointed at my head. Well past middle-aged, and I think he'd look distinguished if he were dressed professionally. I should have checked the garage for cars before heading upstairs.

The hand holding the gun is shaking, and it would be so easy to -- no. Going to wait a minute and see what I can get out of him while he still thinks he's in control. "We found out," I say, and no more specification than that needed, it's enough to see the wash of guilt over his face. "Did you think no one would?"

"I didn't -- I don't know what you're talking about." He's speaking loudly enough that they must be able to hear him downstairs, though I'd rather not have interference yet. A man unaccustomed to combat won't pull that trigger quickly, and at this range I could slap his arm out of the way faster than he could make that decision.

"What, you don't think anyone ever checks financial records? Or wonders how certain people got hired so fast, out of nowhere? It doesn't cost much to get you to approve a few new lab assistants that don't ever seem to work with any but one doctor." And now I'm guessing, but the way he's turning pale and sweaty in this cold house suggests I'm not far off the mark. I suppress the urge to bounce on my heels, because I'd rather not get shot by spooking him. "You haven't been walking a thin line, you're falling off the edge of the cliff. You're going to hit the ground. Real question is how soon, and how hard."

"You can't prove anything." It's a perfect wash of horror across his face when he realizes that wasn't the right thing to say. "I mean -- I didn't do anything. Always had my suspicions about those two, but I never had enough evidence to bring it up against them, but I've been... I've been collecting evidence, I was just going to bring it to the authorities as soon as I was sure. That's all."

"Drop it." That's Sharon at the end of the hall, her gun out, and this is not the direction I wanted to go, not when I was halfway to getting information out of him. "Now."

"Sharon--"

I duck before his finger tightens, plaster exploding away where my head used to be, but now he's pulling the trigger again as I take him down to the floor, that was Sharon shooting just now and while I appreciate the help more bullets aren't the kind of help I need right now, I twist his gun away and slam him once across the head with it--

Maybe too hard, because that's disturbance, but he's not dead, only glassy eyed, so I stand up and turn around--

Get to Sharon just as Jack and Aglaya hit the top of the stairs, and I can see the way his eyes go wide and he turns towards the man crumpled in the center of the hallway--

"Don't." I've never heard my voice so sharp before, it's enough to even stop him mid-run, and he drops down beside me, Aglaya's already down on the floor trying to stop the bleeding.

"He shot--"

"He's human, Jack. You can't deal with it. I will." Don't know why I sound so calm, I'm not, my hands are turning red and Sharon's making noises that aren't supposed to be coming from her while she's down on the floor, bleeding. She's not the one who's supposed to bleeding. Humans are so fragile, they're not supposed to be the ones who get shot, that's my job, I can get another vessel if I need to.

"Do either of you have any Songs--"

"Sharon's the one who has Healing," I tell Aglaya, and I am being... calm. I can think my way through this. "Jack, Aglaya. Get Sharon to the car. I'll meet you there by the time you can get her in the back seat."

"I'm not going to--"

"Shut up and do it, Jack." I dart down the hallway, kick the feet out from under this pathetic deadly man as he tries to get up again. "No, you're not going anywhere." Belt around the bathrobe is enough to tie his hands, and I drag him into the bedroom at the end of the hall. "Anyone else coming home in the next few hours?"

"I didn't mean to--"

"Shut up. It's one question, just answer it."

"No. No, I live alone, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do it, I didn't mean to do it..." He dissolves into sniveling, and I stuff him in the closet securely fastened with what bindings I can make out of various cords in the closet.

"If you don't mean to shoot someone, you don't point a gun at them and pull the trigger."

Pointless to say that to a closed door. I shove the bed in front of the door for good measure, and then downstairs, quick pause to grab Sharon's dropped gun on the way, outside out the front door (they left it hanging open, I close it behind me to keep down suspicion from the neighbors), out the gate in the fence (close that behind me, don't want anyone to stop by and find him while we're gone), drop into the driver's seat and turn the engine on. Aglaya climbs into the front seat from the back, and all her hands are covered in blood, I hit the gas as soon as Jack has the back doors closed.

Not paying much attention to stop signs and red lights now.

I have a straight and true line to the nearest hospital, further than I'd like but not terribly far, I will be there as quickly as God grants me the speed to be. "How's she doing?"

"Breathing," Jack says. Hands pressing down as if he could hold all the blood inside her. "It's -- fuck, Kai, why did you stop me? He shot her!"

"And we're getting her to the hospital fast as we can, and you're a Mercurian, what do you think you were going to do? He's not going anywhere. We can deal with him once Sharon's safe." I skid over onto the shoulder of the highway to get around slow traffic, no time for patience or traffic laws right now. "How is she?"

"Still breathing. Still bleeding, she just keeps bleeding, I don't know how to stop this." His own breath's gone ragged around the edges, as if parts of it were torn away when she was shot. "Her eyes are closed, I don't thinks she's conscious. Or not very."

I pull the phone out of my pocket, and toss it into Aglaya's lap. She starts when it hits her. "Call. 911. Let them know we're bringing someone in."

"What should I tell them?"

"Gunshot wounds. Obvious anyway. We'll work out how to deal with the fallout later. Call."

She stabs out the numbers, waits for the pickup. "My friend's been shot. We're bringing her into the hospital, can you make sure they're ready for her?" Waits for some answer on the other end. "No, we're already on our way, it's faster--" She looks at me.

"Five minutes." The gas pedal is already floored, I can barely keep the car from skidding in the water at this speed. "Four. I can make it in four."

"We'll be there in four minutes. What should we--" Aglaya nods, as if it would do any good. "Right. Thank you. We will." Hangs up the phone, deposits it back in my pocket. "When we get there, we can let the nurse in charge of triage know."

"Let her know? What, they aren't even going to have someone waiting?"

"I don't know, Jack. That's what the operator said to do."

"That's insane, they ought to--"

"Shut up." Both of them look at me. "Just... I'm trying to drive, okay?" Two inches is enough clearance for sliding behind that car, then across to that lane, time to hit city streets down this exit across three lanes to turn right and some part of me says oh look the sign says no right turn on red but I am driving and. I don't have time to listen to that. Or to them.

Three and a half minutes from when I gave the estimate, to get to the hospital.

Aglaya's out of the car running before I've fully stopped, couldn't stop too fast, don't want to throw Sharon around, and then there are people with equipment and Jack and I follow, all the way back until they say no further ever so politely, they don't need us in the way, and then it's

to the waiting room.

I'm not good at waiting.

Aglaya meets us there, hands washed clean, and the front of her shirt is wet from where she scrubbed it but still stained red, hasn't even dried enough to turn brown yet. My hands are bloody. Wiped them off on my pants, I think, don't remember when, but there are the streaks across the denim. All three of us a pack of bloody waiters. Other people in this room to wait, and we catch a few glances, but all those eyes keep sliding off us, and I can't blame them for it. No one wants to take part in anyone else's tragedy. We all have our own.

I pace a five-point star, vending machines and the ends of the row of seats where Aglaya and Jack sit. At opposite ends, and they're not looking at each other, and they're not looking at me, and none of us doing anything useful. Nothing at all.

The room empties. Just the three of us.

"Would you just sit down?" Jack still isn't looking at me, but he says, "It's messing with my head. Sit still. For a few minutes."

I sit down beside Jack. Try not to mind what he said.

And a man walks in from outside, taller than me and heavier on the muscle, stops to stare at us. When he reaches up to scratch the back of his head, his jacket sleeve slides down to show tattooed flames on his wrist. "Kai?"

It's a relief to leap up. "Don't think I know you..."

"Theo," he says. "The Boss sent me." He takes a quick look around the room. "They were supposed to tell you I was coming--"

"Right. Got the message, a little mangled, and then Gariel mentioned something. Didn't really specify."

"Backup?" Jack's still staring at the floor. "That's great. Talk about a day late and a dollar short. Couldn't have arrived two hours ago, no, it has to be now."

"What happened?" Theo reaches out to take my hand, and it's a brief odd moment to realize he's attuning to me. So they've sent me a Cherub. "Who's hurt?"

"Sharon. Got shot. It was a stupid accident--"

"Wasn't an accident," Jack says. "He didn't go, oh, oops, here's a gun, I've accidentally pulled the trigger. He pointed it at her and shot her. And the only reason he managed was because Sharon's not the sort to shoot someone without better cause. Wish she had."

Theo nods quickly. "The Soldier of the Wind? If you can get me over there--"

And we all stop when the doctor walks into the room. Because she's looking at us, and that's not relief on her face. Holds a clipboard in front of her like a shield. "I'm sorry," she says. "But we couldn't save her."

If there's more explanation I don't think I'm hearing it. I'm not sure I'm hearing much at the moment.

She's not the one who's supposed to get hurt. Any of the rest of us can run through vessels, have done so before. I could take that gunshot anywhere but through the head and only be seriously annoyed. It's not even her job. They were doing me a favor.

And how do humans deal with it? Only having the one chance on Earth, to hit destiny or fate and live out all they wanted to do?

I'll see her in Heaven. I'm nearly sure of it. I want to be as sure of it as I am that my Dad's missing for a reason, but I can't manage that yet.

The doctor's stopped talking. And there's something in there about the police, but Aglaya speaks gravely to him, and I think we don't have to worry about that. Not just yet. I would criticize her use of the Impudite resonance except right now I don't think I can bring myself to care about something so unimportant.

"I'm sorry," Theo says, but he's speaking to me, not to Jack, and isn't that who everyone ought to be worried about? "If I'd known -- I would have tried to come faster, if I'd known--"

"You couldn't have." I wonder if he's in charge now. I'd prefer that, if he could be in charge. He could be calm and focused and figure things out and I could go start screaming, somewhere. I'd like that right around now.

"I ought to call her mother," Jack says. More blank-voiced than I would have expected, but I've never been in this sort of situation with him before.

I take out my phone, pull up the appropriate menu entry. I haven't used it much, but having the number available for when Sharon needed to call was... useful. When I was still traveling with her. "Here." Theo looks like he's about to protest at me handing the phone off to someone else, but he's a Sparky, which means he's not a complete idiot, and he... doesn't.

"Thanks." Jack walks out of the room. Somewhere private. Wouldn't mind some privacy myself. Don't think that's happening.

Three of us in the room again, though the composition's changed, and the Cherub gives Aglaya a quick, sharp look. "We need to speak privately," he tells me. "But it's not urgent. What happened?"

"Searching for information. Misjudged the situation." I'm only pacing around him now, one single useless circle of motion. "Usually when I screw up this badly I'm only getting myself into trouble. Should've grabbed the gun as soon as I saw it. Thought I could get more information out of him by waiting. Stupid of me."

"We can go into details later," says Theo. Gently, like he's afraid I'm going to do something worse if he presses too hard. Like I could screw up harder than I have already. "What happened to the one you were getting information from?"

"Human. Still alive. Tied him up, stuffed him in the closet... I was in a hurry. We can go pick him up and find out what he knows next, I guess. As soon as Jack gets back."

Aglaya stands up. "I don't know Jack well," she says, quietly, "but it does occur to me... Are you sure he's going to call and then come back here? He seemed... very fond of her, I think."

"Oh," I say. And, "Oh damn let's find him."

Not in the next room over, the restroom, the other waiting rooms, the hallways, and finally we find someone who says yes, saw someone like that heading outside, thank God that Jack's got a distinctive look to him. Odd that there'd be no police at all here yet, but maybe Aglaya's been Charming more people than I noticed.

"The car's still here," Aglaya says.

"Like that means anything?" I unlock the doors, wonder vaguely what Theo's been doing that he's only now getting wet in this drizzle. "Jack's usually considerate enough to steal a car with the keys in it if he knows I'll be driving, but do you think a Mercurian of the Wind can't get from a full parking lot to a place he wants to go?"

Aglaya takes the back seat, and I'm out of the parking lot before she's closed the door. The turn into the street sends her falling onto the blood-covered fabric, and she snaps out a curse in Helltongue. I hadn't heard her speak that before, and it shouldn't feel nearly so... unlike her, as it does. "Sorry," she says, and shudders. "I'm not... used to this sort of thing."

Some day, driving like this will get me pulled over. But not today. Two collisions on the way back block off portions of various streets, and I find even I can't get through any faster than traffic will allow. No great comfort that Jack's stuck in it too.

By the time we get back to that house, the rain's cleared.

A car sitting in front of the house, driver's side door open, engine still running. Front gate's open. Front door's open. There's no point in running when we go up the steps.

And if there's a patch of blood on the top of the steps where Sharon was lying, along the side of the wall where she fell back and slid down, it can't compare to the red-painted walls.

In the bedroom, Jack's sitting on the bed. What's left of the body at his feet. He passes me back my phone when I sit down beside him. Leaving Aglaya and Theo in the hall, as if the illusion of privacy would do us some good.

"Jack--"

"Don't worry." He puts an arm over my shoulders. "He wasn't human."

"But the disturbance--"

"There's this one attunement the Game gives out, Kai. Weirdest thing I ever ran across. Can make even a demon seem like a human to the Symphony for a few hours, for disturbance. Ran into that once before."

"But..." I try to puzzle it out, and it's not making sense. "Why would the Vapulans be paying off the Role of one of Asmodeus's people?"

"I don't know. Guess it's one more bit of the investigation for you to deal with. But believe me, he wasn't human. I would know, right?" And he offers me a quick smile.

It's not that Jack's never lied to me, but he wouldn't about something this important. "Right. You would know. Just... dammit, Jack. Not getting any information out of him now." That's not my biggest complaint, but it's one I feel safe expressing.

"Like you'd be able to make one of those talk? He didn't have a chance to tell anyone about us. We can do a thorough check of the house. Get all the data you need, and then get out of here before anyone shows up."

"I guess." I don't like looking at what's on the floor in front of me, so I stare out the window, where even through the angled blinds I can make out blue stretching its way through the clouds. "I should've grabbed the gun as soon as he got to me. I shouldn't have waited."

"Don't beat yourself up over it, Kai. You couldn't have known what was going to happen." He sounds more tired than blank now. "You can give someone upstairs a call tomorrow and like as not Sharon will want to know why she can't come back as a Saint right away."

"Yeah. Probably."

Aglaya steps into the room. Carefully doesn't look at the floor. "I took care of the signs of entrance outside. We ought to have some time to search the place."

"Oh. Yeah." I stand up, hands in my pockets like keeping them still will help. "Got to... find files. If he had any."

Jack shrugs. Kicks some bit of body out of his way as he moves to the door. "I'll leave you to it. None of my business. I ought to go talk to Sharon's mother in person. I can get there by tomorrow afternoon if I leave now."

I ought to be trying to keep him here. "Send me a message after you do? Just to... let me know how it goes. Toss it up any Tether, they'll get it to me."

"Okay." He stops in the doorway, and pulls out that silver key. "Here," he says. "Might as well keep this. Only held onto it for when Sharon needed some help."

"Thanks."

We stare at each other. What am I supposed to say? Jack, try not to pick up any more dissonance. Jack, one of my friends is going to be hunting you down to take you back to Heaven. Jack, you're allowed to tell me how much this hurts.

"I'll catch you around," he says. And leaves.

In the hall, I open up the locked door with that handy little talisman, and begin going through the files stacked on the desk. A moment later, Theo joins me.

"I left the demon searching the lower areas of the house," he says. "I don't think she'll run now, and I can find her if she does. This would be a good time to talk."

"It's a lousy time to talk, but since when has that stopped anyone?" I shut the door. Harder than I intended. "And, what, you're attuned to her now too?"

"Of course not." The Cherub sounds downright offended. "I have an artifact to track her, courtesy of one of the hooks that Bright Lilim holds on her."

"Huh. Okay." I don't want to be in this house with Aglaya and Theo. I want Mannie here, and Nosha and Zif, people I know and I can trust. I want my old triad back to ask me stern questions about my recent activities, if only so I could tell them how badly I've done. "It's no wonder they sent you here. I can't manage anything."

Theo's expression turns more concerned than anything else. "What happened? I got a full briefing before heading out, but that was two nights ago. The last I heard you didn't have your phone back."

"Um. Well. Did you hear about those demons Aglaya and I jumped, after they took out some human a Kyriotate was watching? Turns out they were connected with the lab. So we grabbed the Kyrio and went in to scout out the place -- I mean, with Jack and Sharon -- and found a bunch of animal-vesseled angels who were being trapped there, plus an ethereal, so we let those out, and then we had to make a run for it, but we found out about this guy, and..." I can't possibly go over everything right now. "Could we talk about this later?"

"We can talk about it later."

"Good. But... I'm glad they sent someone. I'm not doing so well on my own." I push papers around on the desk, no idea if any of it might be important. "Almost surprised they didn't send someone with me when the Boss gave me this vessel. I don't have the best track record."

"Kai, I've seen your records. What parts of it aren't still classified. You've been doing an excellent job. They didn't send me here because they thought you'd be messing up, they sent me because you're working alongside a demon. You don't do something like that alone."

Any other day, I might be gratified to know they don't think I'm a screw-up. Today I only nod and drop down into the chair. It spins, and I could use some spinning right now. "I don't know what her game is. I'm not sure she does. There has to be more to it than some lingering fondness for Lightning, with her going to all this trouble."

"Maybe there is. Maybe there isn't. In any case, she seems to be a valuable source of information. If she continues to offer us more in the future, all the better." He has a comfortable voice. A bit like Zif's when she goes into counselor-mode at Mannie. I wonder if they teach all the Lightning Cherubim to do that, in classes or something. Cherubing 101: voices to reassure distraught attuned.

"In the future, I'd like to drag her to a Tether and see if anyone can shout some sense into her." The spinning is soothing, and it keeps me from needing to think about certain things. "Though what the Boss can do about all the Geases she's covered with, I don't know."

"Kai. It might be more useful to leave her be."

"What?" I can't possibly have heard that right.

"She's not a good redemption candidate. Covered in Geases, as you said. Already Fell once, and there's no sign that she's addressed the issues that led her to that. Stated she doesn't want to be a Mercurian again. Would you spend much effort coaxing any other demon with those problems towards redemption? There are better uses for your time."

"But... I mean, she's trying to help, Theo." I stop spinning to face him. "Okay, she was screwing around with us that first time, but the list she gave us checked out, the information she's gotten here has been pretty accurate--"

"And as long as she's still working for Vapula, she can continue acquiring that sort of information to pass on."

"You can't possibly be suggesting she go all... double agent for us. It doesn't work that way!"

The Cherub shrugs. "It won't last forever. It might not even last long. But another list of potential redemption candidates, of which two or three make it, a half dozen labs found and eradicated, compared to one Impudite who said she doesn't want to redeem?"

"How... practical." I lean forward, head in my hands and elbows on my knees. "I swear, does every Sparky go Elohite around the edges? Yes, it makes sense what you say, but it doesn't feel right. Giving up on someone like that."

"You don't need to give up, Kai. Only be careful not to let it distract you, or to get too attached. And I'm here to make sure it doesn't get you hurt." Theo sighs softly. "For what sort of hurts I can prevent. I've already come too late for one. I'm sorry."

"What's done is done," I say. "Best we can manage now is to deal with it."

Jack stopped in the kitchen to wash his hands. And his jacket, leather and thus easy to rinse, but not something he wanted to leave bloody.

He wouldn't have minded her blood on there. To let it remind him of his failures. But he wasn't about to honor that human he tore apart upstairs.

"You told him not to worry," Aglaya said, and he nearly dropped his jacket, hearing her voice behind him. "That he could trust you. It's a good idea to start the lying early. Practice for when you'll need it later."

"What do you want?"

"What I want isn't any of your business. But if you think that I can't recognize my own Band's resonance by now when I see it being used--"

He slammed her up against the wall, arm across her throat. "Don't you dare tell him."

Felt a small prick in his chest.

"This," said Aglaya, "would do serious damage to your vessel. Two shots might even kill you, and Limbo is an unpleasant place, I'm told. So do yourself a favor and don't try to threaten me. I don't have any problem killing demons."

Jack stepped back. Hands clenched into fists, and he wanted to hurt her, but -- no. This was not the time to find himself trapped in nothingness for days weeks months with nothing but his own thoughts to keep him company.

"Relax," Aglaya said. "I have no intention of telling him. That's not useful right now." She tucked away her little weapon again, inside that silly useless jacket. "You don't have a Heart. Sooner or later, someone's going to realize this, and come looking. Time to make a choice, and fast. Are you going to run for it on your own, or do you want help?"

"Help from you?"

"Do you see any better options?" Aglaya turned away. "Come on out to the back yard. I don't think either of us wants them walking into this conversation."

The grass was damp, and pulled away a red smear of blood from Jack's shoes. "It wasn't my fault," he said. "It wasn't supposed to work that way."

"I'll grant you the second part, Jack, but don't delude yourself. What you did upstairs wasn't an accident, and no one pushed you into that."

"I didn't have a choice."

Aglaya smiled, a sharp cold smile. "I used to tell myself that too, but you know what? I did have a choice. So did you. Every step you took to what you've become was your own choice, even if you were choosing between that and what you thought was worse." She brushed damp hair away from her eyes. "If you don't want to end up dead, you'll need a new Heart, and a new Superior."

"If you think I'm going to go serve Vapula--"

"Hardly. Why would he want you? No useful skills for his purposes. That's not who I was offering."

Jack stared at her for a moment. "Who are you working for, Aglaya?"

"Now that's a complicated question. You don't deserve the answer. But if you're interested, I can make a call, and have someone meet you. Who'll find you a Superior who can appreciate... well. Certain things about you." She pulled out a cell phone. "Do you want my help or not? They're going to find out."

Jack laughed hoarsely. "Fine. I'll take your help. What are you getting out of this?"

"Bonus points with someone who considers me to be in serious debt." Aglaya spoke briefly with someone on the other end, all in Helltongue. Finished the conversation and put the phone away. "He'll meet you at his office. I'll give you an address; I strongly recommend not changing your mind once you've received it. And... don't worry. Most newly Fallen are fast learners, with the kind of incentive they're given. You'll fit right in."

And after he'd left, she wrapped her arms around herself, stared up at the brilliant blue sky. A beautiful day, now that the rain had cleared. Except that it was so very cold.

"That one wasn't my fault," she said to herself, quietly. "Wasn't my fault at all. He can't hold that one against me."

When she walked back into the house, she was dry-eyed.

"Mannie, there's someone outside who wants to come in," Maharang says, breaking through the perfect focus I'd developed in staring at this set of schematics for the last half hour. And just when I was almost sure of how to fix that overheating issue without reducing output. "I said you were busy and didn't want to be interrupted, and then she said that was okay she was going to interrupt you anyway, and I told her no really you were busy and that's when she started to pick the lock and I'm not sure how to deal with that."

"I don't suppose she'd be willing to make an appointment?" But of course, the Servitors of the Wind never are. As if having their names written down on a schedule somewhere chips away at their soul. "I should just post Kai's current address on my door for people to check when they come by. At this rate he'll need to acquire a van to haul all his visitors around." I turn around in my chair, and wait for the door to open. While I could unlock and open it myself, opening a door that a Windy is trying to unlock is akin to taking a message from a reliever to deliver it yourself. Makes them go all sulky or sniffly, depending on the personality.

The door swings open, and Sharon steps in. "Okay, I don't care what the fairy-thing said--"

"Reliever!" Maharang protests. "Fairies are make-believe ethereal things. Completely different."

"Whatever. Anyway, I need to get back to Earth right away, so could you point me in the right direction? I keep getting the run-around every time I ask the question, and I stopped at the Groves first where they said Windys would be hanging out, but I couldn't find Jack there and if I thought asking anyone else for a straight answer was tricky I had not met tricky until I tried talking to them, so I figured at least you'd be easy to find and got directions here. How does this whole Saint thing work, anyway?"

"...what are you doing here?"

Sharon drops down into the other chair in my office. "Being dead, apparently. I'm not thrilled, and I'm going to be all sorts of upset once the shock wears off, so right now I'm taking advantage of the sheer improbability of this to distract me from little matters like my state of being dead and get a few things taken care of." She pulls a book off the shelf next to her. "You know, I assumed that Lightning would be past books by now. All recording crystals or whatever."

"I'm fond of books. Allow me to rephrase my question. What happened such that you'd be dead in the first place?" Feeling my brain shift gears from quiet analysis to near-panic is something I've experience so often in the last year that I'm accustomed to the blank moment between where nothing makes sense. In about thirty seconds, I'm going to be very upset.

"That, I can't help you with. Last I recall I was heading upstairs to find out who Kai was talking with and..." Sharon waves a hand vaguely. "I think I got shot. I don't know. The Mercurian who greeted me said something about short-term post-trauma memory loss and adjustment periods, but I ditched her back in the Groves to come looking for you. So. How do I get back?"

"Maharang, would you go find Nosha?" The reliever nods, and ducks out the door. "To answer your question, I have no idea. I've never dealt with Saints in any capacity, and certainly not their application process." Ah, and there's the panic setting in, right on schedule. I remind myself that if Kai'd lost a vessel, he'd be in Trauma, and there are people watching his Heart. Though I'm wishing now that I'd kept it here in my office. "Presumably there's some organization for those things. Or several, for different Superiors." I pick out my current notebook and stand up. "Now, if you'll excuse me--"

Having a blessed soul grab the collar of my jacket is an experience I hadn't run into before. "Okay," Sharon says, her face a few centimeters from mine, "let me clarify. I am really seriously freaking out here, I'm dead, I have no idea what my mother will say, and I need to get back down to Earth right now." She gets louder as she speaks. "So just point me in the right direction so that I can get there! Jack needs me!"

My wings have started to spread out behind me, and when did I pick up that particular reaction to stress? "Sharon--"

"Don't Sharon me! I need to get back there! This is important!" She blinks. "Hey, nice wings. Kai was right. Anyway. Back to Earth now. Surely you can just, I don't know, grab one of those vessels or something to let me borrow, I know that you can send people back, I can take a lousy vessel, that's okay, I need to get back there. Right. Now."

Perhaps this isn't the right time to try to pry her fingers off my collar, though I find I've backed up against my desk. Personal space, I could use a little more personal space. "I understand this is important, but--"

"Now! Like, hours ago now!"

"What's all the shouting about?" Teresa stomps into my office, and stops short. "Mannie, what are you doing?"

"I'm not doing anything, Teresa. I'm simply trying to--"

Sharon abruptly lets go of my jacket, and turns to Teresa. "I just need to get back to Earth, okay? I know I was working for the Wind and not for Lightning, but this is important and I can't get a straight answer out of anyone over there, you'd think they'd understand that I'm in a hurry and I'm dead and I don't know what I'm going to do about this and I don't even remember how."

Which is when Sharon starts crying, and I... have no idea what to do with that.

"Shh," says Teresa, and pulls her in close, white-feathered wings folding in around both of them. "I'll take care of it. Come on, we'll go see who we can talk to about this, and work out the best way to get you back there."

"Okay," Sharon says, between sobs, wraps her arms tight around the Mercurian.

The two of them leave my office.

"That," I say, to no one in particular, "did not make any sense at all."

Nosha follows Maharang into my office. "Sharon being here?"

"No, Teresa being comforting. I didn't think she had a sympathetic feather on her."

"Friend of Man. Just because she gets along badly with most angels doesn't mean she has a problem with humans." Nosha sighs, and drops down into the chair. "That's a bad sign. And no clue what happened?"

"Not yet." I reach for my phone. "I might be able to find out, though."

And the phone rings just as I'm about to dial.

"Kai. What happened?"

"Sharon's dead." I don't ever want to hear my Ofanite's voice so defeated as it sounds right now. "Jack's left to... well. Tell her mother, he said. I don't know. Either this guy had a seriously tight Role, or Jack killed a human. He said -- doesn't matter. I'm dealing with cleanup as best I can. Theo's here, that's a help, and we're trying to work a few things out. Nomikos hasn't arrived yet, I wish he'd been here -- never mind. We'll figure it out and deal."

"I knew about Sharon. She just showed up. She's, ah, quite eager to get back down to Earth. Said that she was concerned about Jack, and from what I'm hearing, rightfully so." I want to ask, are you safe? How are you coping? But I don't ask Kai these questions anymore, because he'll try to answer in a way that would make me happy. He has a Cherub with him now, and if I'd trust Zif from here to Hell with anything I value, I can try to trust this one I so briefly met to take care of Kai.

"Thank God. It's... damn. I didn't get a chance to talk to her about Jack yet. This isn't going to be comfortable."

"I'll send an email to Teresa about the issue, and let her deal with it. She's better at dealing with humans than I am." I close my eyes, and count to ten. Kai's not happy, but it doesn't sound as if he's in danger, and I can stop panicking. "Is there anything you need?" And what I mean is, can I do anything to make you feel better? Neither Sharon's death nor Jack's behavior are problems I can solve.

"Um. Maybe. How do you get Geases off of someone?"

Not a question I'd expected to hear, but he would have told me first if he'd been Geased by someone. "You don't. A Superior can try to unweave them, but that's incredibly dangerous, and liable to make Lilith annoyed at you. The Lilim who placed them removes or uses them."

"That's what I thought, but I was hoping -- okay. I can deal with that."

Nosha and Maharang watch me quietly, and there will be questions when this conversation ends. At least he hasn't--

Wait.

Oh, no he's not.

"Kai? Don't even think about it."

"What?"

"Don't."

"I didn't even say--"

"You didn't need to. You will not hunt down some Lilim just to make an attempt at coaxing that damned Impudite around to your way of thinking. You remember how many hooks I got in you when we were traveling together, don't you? You'll end up covered in Geases and with nothing to show for it. Don't even think about it."

"But I need to--"

"No, you don't. If you try, you'll end up with your Cherub sitting on you until you change your mind. Look. Just... deal with the job you've been given, understood? Find out who she owes the Geases to, get back to me on that. I'll see what I can do on the other end."

"Do you think that's a good idea?"

"Far better than yours." If Kai can be stubborn in his convictions, he's easy enough to sway when I claim I have a better plan. "Do you think it'll help if you distract yourself with two demons at once? Find out what Aglaya's up to, work on your current assignment, and don't concern yourself with the rest. You have enough to deal with already."

"Thanks. I'll make it up to you."

"Don't worry about it." I close the phone. Stare at it. "...did I just promise to track down one or more Lilim and convince them to drop Geases on someone I don't even like?"

"I believe so," says Nosha. "I'm rather looking forward to the part where you explain this to Zif. And to Gariel."

"They're going to veto you, boss," Maharang says. "You can't go down to Earth and talk Lilim out of their Geases. I'm pretty sure that doesn't work."

"Talk them out of it? Where did you get that idea? I intend to intimidate, threaten, and coerce them out of such things." I offer my reliever a quick grin. "Redemption didn't make me forget how to deal with demons. Besides, I don't plan on going into this alone."

"I have to agree with Maharang. You're unlikely to get permission," Nosha says. "And why do I have the dreadful feeling that I'm one of the people you want to drag along?"

"Probably because you're correct. I wouldn't try this sort of thing without you and Zif at my side. And perhaps I will be told to stay here and not bother myself with such things, but I intend to be... persuasive." I flip to a new page in my notebook, and begin jotting out convincing reasons for why this ought to happen. All of them true, as a Seraph ought to appreciate. "If I intend to follow a plan so insane as this, I'll need backup."

"I wish I could come," Maharang says. "I could help too."

"You're a bit young for that." It's amazingly easy to come up with good reasons for this plan, now that I'm applying myself. Of course, I'm discovering plenty of reasons why this is a dreadful idea in the process, but those I'm not writing down.

"Then I wish I were big enough to be able to come, so I could help too." Maharang isn't the sort to sulk, but there's the beginnings of a frown on its face.

Nosha pulls the reliever down from where it's perching, to hold in two pale arms. "You don't need to worry. If he does go down to Earth, Zif and I will watch out for him."

"But I'm worried anyway." Maharang sighs, and clings to the Elohite. "I didn't use to feel like this. I knew all the big angels could take care of things. But now I know more about how it doesn't always work out that way."

"Trust me, Maharang. I'll be careful. I'll make sure he is, too."

"Okay." The reliever dashes back to the door. "I'm going to be late to class if I don't go. Make sure to leave me a note if you go while I'm out!"

When it's gone, I turn to Nosha. "What do you think?"

"It wouldn't be correct to say I think you're insane, but the truth does edge in that direction. I would ask you what you were thinking to agree to this, except that I know." Nosha reaches over to my desk to flip open the box of cookies and pulls one out. "Have you considered turning down one of Kai's requests? Perhaps only every fifth or sixth. For practice."

"It's a reasonable request. Compared to some."

"Compared to storming into Tartarus demanding they return any office supplies you left behind. You're letting your emotions twist you around." Nosha nibbles on the cookie.

"I'm allowed to."

"I know. At the moment, this irritates me to no end. I'll get over it. When you submit the request to Gariel, please make it clear that I'm not in favor of this."

I tilt my computer towards me, and smile at Nosha. "I'll be sure to do that. Shall I itemize your objections, or make a general statement to that effect and let you fill in the details in person?"

"A general statement will do. I can itemize them myself." Nosha rises, and takes another cookie from the box. "Please try not to agree to do anything else that stupid while I'm working on the list. I can only take so many unpleasant surprises in a day."

"I'll save the next bad idea for tomorrow," I say. Then it's time to turn back to the email I'm composing and focus on the delicate task of convincing a Seraph that I'm right.

I'm glad to ditch the motel room; it was cramped with one person, would be unbearable with three. Theo's either working with a wealthier Role than I am, or more willing to throw cash around, because the hotel he's chosen is the nicest I've ever stayed at. (I bet Mannie would approve.) When I stop somewhere for a night, and unless I'm traveling with humans (I am not thinking about certain things) that's not often, I crash somewhere cheap, anonymous, and with the parking lot near the front door to my room.

The parking lot is three stories and a basement down from where I'm standing. I'm not happy about that.

But there's a lot that I'm not happy about today.

Shouldn't be inside when it's so bright outside. This is a day for walking through parks or driving out into some stretch of land where there are no buildings to be seen. But Theo is being... well. Not so much pushy as concerned, and I know better than to try to argue with a concerned Cherub, least of all one attuned to me. If watching Zif in action is any indication, nothing shuts down the "able to be reasoned with" bits of a Cherub's brain like the notion that its attuned might run towards danger.

I hope they won't keep us together long. I'm not used to working with another angel all the time, and I don't think my running around with Windys is useful experience in this case.

Not fond of the way he's using my phone all the time, either. I understand that Heaven-to-Earth phones aren't so common that they get passed out to everyone, but there are people who might call me.

Theo hangs up from his latest call, and passes the phone over to me. It's enough to make me feel guilty for resenting the use. "We're fortunate that the Destiny Servitor is willing to help us," he says, "because that War Servitor isn't. I'm not certain we can pull this off."

"This would be easier if we got rid of those demons at the center," Aglaya says. She's sitting cross-legged on the bed, sorting through one of the file folders we swiped, and doesn't look up. "It's easier to implicate someone in a murder if they're no longer around to defend themselves. While the element of surprise isn't with us, we know their location, and they don't have a good idea of who we are."

"We don't think they know who we are," I correct. "I'm not willing to count on that, though it'd be handy if true. I just hope I can get through this job without compromising my Role. The Boss is bound to get annoyed if I screw up another one of those." You'd think that after so many decades as I had maintaining a single Role with minimal difficulty, I'd be able to hold one down, but no, I'm nearly as tough on Roles as I am on vessels. It'll be something of a relief if they pass this one on to someone else when this job is over; I'd rather deal with a higher rate of disturbance and not worry about wasting resources. And maybe I could get a different vessel. One that isn't so... tall. And sharp. I'd be happier five inches closer to the ground.

I'd be happier if yesterday had never happened. But I'm not getting that.

There's a brisk rap on the door, and I know the pattern of those knocks. Beautiful piece of familiarity in this strange impersonal place. "Aglaya? That's your cue."

She slides off the bed, grabs a folder. "Let me know when you're done." And disappears through the doorway to the adjoining room.

Theo frowns for a moment, and I can see him trying to decide between watching me and following her, but he moves into the other room, and shuts the door behind him. Which is what I'd prefer.

I open the door. Nomikos is dressed as formally as he ever was in his triad, just this side of full business wear, briefcase and neat tie. The image of a conservative young businessman with important matters on his mind.

The moment the door's shut, I throw myself into a hug, no matter if he gets awkward about such things. "You would not believe how glad I am to see you."

He puts one arm around me, like he's not sure what to do with a hug. I'd call him one of my oldest friends, but Judges are always fidgety around the edges when it comes to affection. "I received your message about the change of address. It's good to see that you're picking up a few Songs."

"Um. Relic, actually." I spin the piccolo at him. "Spiffy present, isn't it? And... yeah. I probably ought to take the time to learn Songs."

Nomikos steps back, and I let go. Wouldn't do to make him too uncomfortable. "I gather from your message that you know why I'm here."

"Yeah, Mannie called."

"Did he?" I think he means that rhetorically, because he doesn't stop for an answer. "I apologize for not arriving as soon as I'd predicted. I encountered pressing business on the way, and was delayed."

"Better late than not at all. Jack needs help, and I'm not sure he's even listening to me anymore. And... he's not going to be reasonable right now, Nomikos. Sharon got killed yesterday, and he's reacting badly. Not that I can blame him for that, but..." I spin off into my second-choice circuit around the room. "He needs to get back to Heaven. Before he does anything worse. I don't know, maybe she can talk some sense into him, once he gets there."

"Perhaps." And it's weird to see Nomikos by himself, because Adala and Dedan ought to be there with him. I always and ever saw him with his triad, and right now Adala ought to be asking me the standard questions, and Dedan watching. But it's only him.

I sit down on the bed. It annoys people to try to watch me pacing all the time. "Anyway. I'm glad you're here. Once you find Jack, I know you'll do what's best for him, whether he can see it or not."

And Nomikos... winces. Such a small movement I barely even catch it. "We will do what's just," he says. "Whether it's what is best for him... is another matter."

If I close my eyes, it doesn't change anything. But it does make me feel better for a moment.

"I'm sorry," he says. And means it. Judge and Malakite and ever proper, but he's still my friend.

And he's being more honest than I am, considering who's over in the next room.

"You know," I say, and I can't sit still any longer, "this is the first time I've ever understood being afraid of Judgment." I wave away his first response. "No, it's okay, I'm just... dealing. It's been a few really weird days. Jack left last night. To go tell Sharon's mother, but... I don't know. I'm not sure if he's going there or not. It's a place to check. I can give you the address, and there's a Lightning Tether not far from there. Hitch a ride and you can show up before Jack does."

"Thank you. I'll check there first." Nomikos sets his briefcase down on the room's desk, and snaps it open. "Can that artifact you received from Lightning, the one that calls Heaven, also patch into local phone lines?"

"Sure." I can't see inside his briefcase from this angle, or tell what he's doing with something inside. Not sure I want to know.

"Then I'll give you my phone number. Please call me immediately if you hear anything about, or from, Jack." I shouldn't be surprised that he has a business card, though it's only a white card with a set of numbers written across it.

I enter the numbers into my address book -- it only took me two months to figure out how to use that -- then scribble the address he needs across the card and pass it back. "I will call. If I get any word from him, though I don't think it's likely. I've gone months without hearing one word from him before, and more often now that I'm working for Lightning. Jack. Um. Didn't take that very well."

Nomikos nods slowly, and closes his briefcase. "Communication with his coworkers has been, shall we say, imprecise. Do you know how he's been picking up so much dissonance? Is it his Superior's Word or his Choir that causes him difficulty?"

"Choir dissonance. Jack's always been on the violent side for a Mercurian, but... only towards demons, you know? I guess he's been less careful of late."

"Do you have any idea how much dissonance he's picked up?" A clinical tone that would do Zif proud.

"Last I heard... four notes. That's what he said. And I don't think he'd lie by saying it was more than it was so... at least that." How much has Jack been lying to me about this stuff? Or about anything else. "Nomikos, you'd know a lot about how the Game operates, right? What sort of things they can do?"

The Malakite's expression shifts slightly, and I know him well enough to tell that he wasn't expecting that question. "Why do you ask?"

"Because Jack said that there was a thing some Servitors of the Game can do, to make themselves seem human. As in, disturbance when they get damaged, that sort of thing. Have you ever heard of that?"

Nomikos is quiet for so long that I'm starting to worry I've said something wrong. But finally, he says, "You want to know if he's incurred more dissonance while he was with you. And that was the explanation he gave."

"You're as bad as a Seraph, Nomikos."

He laughs, and it's worth a grin from me, even if the moment doesn't last. "It comes from having one as a Superior, Kai. You can be Mercurian in your approach to humanity sometimes."

"Thank you."

"To answer your question. There is an attunement of Asmodeus that appears to function in a manner like that. Details are scarce, and I would like to know where Jack learned of it. One more item to discuss with him." He can stand very still when he wants to, and right now he's as still as any Elohite who sees no value in wasting motion. "I won't lie to you and claim this is a likely explanation."

"But it's possible?"

"If distantly, yes."

"I can work with that." Sharon is dead, but she's made it to Heaven, and must be pestering someone for a chance to come back. Jack is Outcast, but Judgment will bring him back and get him straightened out. Everything that's wrong can still be fixed. I can't fix everything myself, but other people can, and they're taking care of things.

"Before I go," says Nomikos, and even knowing he couldn't stay long, I hate to hear it, "one more question. Do you have anything of his that could be used for tracking? If I don't find him at the address you've given me, it would be faster to use the Song of Affinity than to attempt to persuade the Servitors of the Wind to reveal the location of his Heart."

"Not really. Jack isn't one for keeping things long." Except maybe one. I find the skeleton key buried beneath paperclips in my jacket pocket. I ought to get a jacket with more pockets, these are filling up. "Don't know if this would be any help, but he had it for a while. Best I can offer."

"Thank you." And the key disappears inside his coat. So very formal, suit and tie. Do Judges ever get a chance to stop being formal, and relax with friends? Do they want to? Nomikos has been friendly the few times I've seen him in Heaven when he's off duty, but always so contained. Like he's trying to be Seraph and Elohite and Malakite all at once.

And it's suddenly weirding me out that I'd like to drag him off to the bed for an hour or so to show him a few of the corporeal acts I picked up from Mannie. Because, well, he's a Judge, and they don't do that. I think. But I could use some stress relief right now. Wish Mannie were here. "Could you let me know once you catch up with him and get him back to Heaven?"

"Judgment matters are private, Kai."

"But he's my friend. I need to know."

"You want to know. It's not the same thing." He turns to the door. "But if I am permitted, I will send word once the matter has been resolved."

I'm not going to get more than that. "Good luck and Godspeed."

"Go with justice, Kai."

He didn't once look back at me while he was leaving. I wonder if he was focused on the task ahead of him, or if there was something he didn't want me to see.

But I'm being distracted, and I have a job, as I told Jack the last time we were shouting at each other. A quick knock on the adjoining door brings Theo and Aglaya back out, with the Cherub first in line to give me a quick once-over, as if a meeting with Judgment would put me in danger. "Summary?"

"He's off to find Jack."

"Good. One less thing to worry about. Two, if Judgment has better things to think about than what you're up to."

"Not that I'm fond of this whole lack of mentioning things to them. I'm not used to being so... sneaky. Makes me feel dishonest."

Aglaya returns to her place on the bed. "You have no problem with breaking and entering, violence, theft, or any other number of things you've done with your Windy friends, but not mentioning something to Judgment makes you feel guilty?"

"Nomikos is a friend. I don't like not telling him things." I wish the chair they included for this desk had wheels, or could spin. "He was part of the triad that visited me every week for a long time. I see him, I expect to tell him everything and wait for him to let me know if I'm screwing up."

"You'd call a Malakite of Judgment your friend? You are an odd Creationer."

"They have a hard job. I know I couldn't do it. Like trying to be Seraph and Elohite and your own Choir all in one, and always looking for what's ultimately most just, not only the best for the immediate situation. And if you make a mistake in a job like that, it's a major problem, and likely to affect other people in unpleasant ways. I couldn't handle that sort of pressure. So I admire the angels who can."

"Tell me, Kai. Is there any Archangel whose Servitors you actually dislike?"

"As a group? Of course not. Dad was never the sort to do politics." I take the file Theo passes to me, and begin flipping through pages of invoices for lab supplies. "With the director dead, it's going to be tricky to get this place cleaned out without shutting down the whole center. Dealing with Vapulans is so much easier when they're conveniently isolated."

"It's a single research facility looking for a cure to an extremely rare disease," Aglaya says. "I wouldn't call it that much of a loss if removing the demons means the entire center falls apart. We're not talking about burning the place to the ground."

"Determining an appropriate response is difficult without knowing what they're doing," Theo says. "I wish you'd taken the time to ask more questions of those Servitors you freed. A few more clues about what processes had been engaged in would be useful."

"Interesting," says Aglaya.

We both turn to look at her, and no doubt that was the intended effect, because she offers a sweet little smile. "Come take a look at this."

Theo takes the folder first, and glances at the paper at the top. Stops, reads through it again more slowly. "...groups two and three?"

"With a single subject listed as group three. Look at the numbers for group two. Angels and ethereal spirits."

"So what's group one?" I ask. "Humans, demons, something else?"

Aglaya drums her fingers on a stack of folders. "Demons, I think. What we've gathered so far suggests that the experiments have to do with vessels. Quick and dirty experiments on demonlings in cheap vessels... That's easy to arrange. They wouldn't need to worry about secrecy and infiltrating a human organization until they wanted to start working on angels."

Theo flips through the papers in that folder. "If we assume that's what the different groups refer to in here... Mm. I begin to wonder if this might be something of a personal project. Though it seems high on the resources for that. But we may be looking at two separate lines of research going on in that center, one a formal Vapulan project and the other an individual line."

"Why would you say that?" I take a look at the spreadsheet printout he's stopped at, but it doesn't make any sense. Lines of numbers with vague labels attached. One more Ethereal Force may be giving me certain advantages, but at the moment I'm just sure that I don't know what any of that says. Maybe I should sign up for some of the introductory science classes next time I'm upstairs.

"One set of funds, here. For lab equipment and the like. But it's split between two different categories, and you'll see"--Theo flips to another sheet that makes just as little sense to me--"they're all being accounted for together again over here. Mm. Aglaya, how careful are most Vapulans about their accounting when working with funds set aside for a project?"

"Depends on how important the project is, how much they've been given in the way of funds, how much the people working on it are trusted..." She chews on her lip for a moment. "You can do a lot of creative juggling, and it's unlikely that anyone will look too closely so long as you stay within the allotment. If the project runs past deadline, or you suddenly start requesting more resources, you'd better have damn clean books to present to anyone who shows up asking questions."

"That one demon -- the one of the four who wasn't out in the woods, I guess -- called in three more people, right? That's got to show up as more resources requested." I set down the folder I'm working with because I don't think I'm going to be any use in trying to decipher the contents.

"Maybe. I'm not sure he called in coworkers. The conversation was... spotty. They had context I didn't. But I believe the two outside are borrowed, or hired, from elsewhere. Security, not research assistants. What one of them said suggested that there was a Calabite in the pair outside, which means... well. Some outside source." Aglaya frowns. "Probably Belial. It's an easy place to turn when you want deterrents to attackers."

"A Calabite of Fire? That could be..." Theo shudders. "Kai, are you any good with guns?"

"Um. Hitting people with them, yes. Shooting them, not so much. My Dad's Malakite attunement is more useful than ordinary weaponry."

"Well. I'll deal with that." And the way he says it, I'm not hearing "I'll teach you how to shoot better," but more "I'll make sure they're concentrating on hurting me first."

Being a Cherub's attuned is weird. This is the first time it's happened to me, and I'm not sure I like it. I'm supposed to be the one who gets in the way of danger to protect people, not the other way around. Got to wonder if this is the Boss's way of reminding me to slow down and think before leaping into the fray. Because while I'm usually no more concerned with keeping my vessel in one piece than necessary -- there are more important things to worry about -- I'd feel lousy if I dropped dissonance on Theo by getting myself vessel-killed again.

Aglaya and Theo dive into a discussion of, so far as I can tell, accounting practices, which I can follow around the edges, but... forget not being smart enough, I don't have the education to follow this. I don't understand half the terms they're using, and this isn't even science. I think.

I pace the room, and let the words flow around me. Definitely going to sign up for a few intro classes in the Halls of Progress when I'm done with this job.

Nomikos took the briefest moment to appreciate the room where his Heart was kept after ascending to Heaven. Clean straight lines, orderly rows, and the archway that led out had sufficient curves to lend beauty to the hard corners.

But there were more pressing matters to attend to.

He walked to the office of the Mercurian taking his reports, and knocked rather than sending a request for an appointment.

The response arrived more promptly than he'd expected, and Nomikos found himself standing before her desk before he'd prepared what he wished to say.

"Report." She didn't look up as she worked through the papers on her desk.

"He's moved on, though I've received information on where he might go next. I've also acquired an item which we might use to track him." Nomikos kept his wings folded tightly against his back. "However, the information I've received suggests he's become more dissonant since he became Outcast. It is likely, though not certain, that he's Fallen."

The Mercurian did look up at that. "What leads you to this conclusion?"

"He killed a human. I am not convinced that the story he gave to his companions about the human being an agent of the Game using that deceptive attunement was correct. A dissonant Mercurian who deliberately murders a human is unlikely to remain a Mercurian for long." Nomikos stilled his wings from their movement, and wished that this Outcast had been the friend of anyone other than Kai. "Can we receive confirmation from the Wind?"

"Eventually, but not immediately. They take delight in delaying us. We'll have to proceed without." She began to write across a sheet of parchment. "Do you believe there is enough chance of this one being only an Outcast to justify sending anything other than an execution triad?"

No, he thought. He opened one hand, and saw the silver key he'd been given. Because an angel trusted Judgment to do what was right for its friend. "Until we're sure," Nomikos said, "there remains the possibility. A triad prepared for either possibility would be more suitable."

The Mercurian nodded, and wrote further on the parchment. "Seraph, Cherub, Mercurian. They will make an attempt to reason with him and determine his status before taking further action."

"Not Mercurian."

She paused, the quill in her fingers held aloft. "Sending another of his Choir, that he might feel some kinship and be more cooperative, is standard procedure."

"All of his dissonance has been from his Choir's dissonance conditions. He might react poorly to a reminder of this failure."

"We are not in the habit of coddling Outcasts who brought that status upon themselves, Virtue."

"Neither do we wish to push away those who might still be saved." Nomikos bit back further words. Was grateful for the moment of silence she granted him, to regain his composure. "I don't believe it would be wise to send a Mercurian as the third for that triad."

"An Elohite, then?"

"An Ofanite."

It was an unfamiliar sense of satisfaction to watch her stop at that suggestion, surprise etched for a moment across her face. "An Ofanite's resonance would be little use in negotiations with an Outcast Mercurian."

"But his best friend is an Ofanite, and reminding Jack of this -- and of what he stands to lose, should he not cooperate -- may be useful."

The quill spun between her fingers for a moment. "This is your assessment of the situation?"

"To the best of my judgment."

"So be it." The Mercurian finished with the parchment, signed it, and passed it to Nomikos. "Deliver this as marked, and pass along the item you were given. You will accompany the triad in their search, but not become involved in the encounter unless needed."

Nomikos bowed briefly, and left. To declare that he would follow these orders would be to call attention to his own lingering uncertainty. Obedience was an assumption, and needed no emphasis.

The Malakite fingered his fifth oath-chain as he walked.

Yoshiko poked through the racks of older manga on the shelves. Read it, read it, bad translation, read it, shoddy artwork, read it. There was no reason to linger, but the weather had turned gray and wet, and there were a half dozen whiny emails waiting at home. She wasn't in the mood to explain to yet another eager young Servitor that no, "just hack into the system and get me all their info!" was not a valid job request. If anything important came up, they could very well call.

"Five minutes until we close," said the clerk behind the counter, though he wasn't about to kick her out if she decided to stay longer. "Hey, kid, know what you want yet?"

"Not yet," said a small voice nearby. Yoshiko looked down, and saw a girl, maybe nine years old, crouched down by the manga on the floor. Black hair, dark skin, and a bulky pink jacket over a set of blue overalls. Not the typical manga fan. And gaudy plastic sunglasses, the garish sort that only children could get away with out of stubborn perversity. "Can't decide."

"Look, you don't want any of those." Yoshiko pulled out the first volume of Yotsuba&! to wave at the kid. "Try this, okay? Decent translation, though it would be better in the original."

"But I don't read Japanese," said the girl, accepting the book.

"That's why you're stuck with the translation." Yoshiko steered the child up to the counter, and was momentarily irritated by the stupid sunglasses. Not that this would have made for much of a hook, but some children grew up into someone worth geasing. "Where are your parents?" The rest of the shop was deserted, aside from the clerk.

"At home?" The child pulled out a wrinkled bill to pay at the counter, waited for the book to be scanned and returned to her. "Thank you."

"You are too young to be running around without supervision. Especially in weather like this. How are you getting home?"

"Just walking. It's not far." The girl wiped her nose on a jacket sleeve. "Thanks for showing me what to get."

"Sure, whatever." Yoshiko turned back to her perusal of the shelves.

Heard the bell on the door ding as the girl walked out.

The Lilim sighed, and pushed her way out into the cold. "Kid? You are not walking home in this weather alone. Come on, I'll give you a ride."

"I'm not supposed to take rides from strangers," said the girl, but put her hand amiably enough into Yoshiko's.

"And you're not supposed to be walking home alone when it looks to start sleeting again any minute either, but this hasn't stopped you. Do your parents know you're out here?" She walked briskly towards where her car was parked, and the distance from one end of the shopping center to the other seemed much further than it had when she'd parked a few hours back. "I swear, someone is going to owe me for this."

"Yeah, they know. Are you from Japan?"

"Not recently." A touch of bitterness to that memory, and if it had been fortunate to be called out of Hiroshima before the bomb fell, she still resented being stuck in this country with its socially imprecise language and brusque customs. Even if she had picked up on a few habits from the locals. "Why do you ask?"

"Correlating emotional reaction with known background details to confirm your identity, mostly."

Yoshiko stopped short. "What?"

"You owe me," said a voice from behind her, and Yoshiko felt the Geas settle around her like a choke chain. "You'll do as I say for the duration. Don't run. Don't tell anyone."

She found a distant memory to connect to the voice. Turned around, and found it was true. "You bastard."

The man in front of her shrugged, hands tucked into the pockets of his overcoat. "I'm playing by the rules."

"Do you have any idea what they'll do to me if they find out you're holding a Geas on me?"

"Then it's in your best interests not to let them find out," Mannie said. As cold-voiced as ever, and it wasn't hard to remember the first time she'd met him in Tartarus, bargained for a chance to prove herself once more. Elegant narrow shades blocked her from any chance at reading what he might need for a corresponding hook. "Let's return to your place before someone catches sight of us together."

He let her drive. Some small consideration. She didn't dare to try anything while he sat in the other seat, not even when he wasn't looking at her. There had been enough stories floating around about what he could do when someone interrupted his projects. Safe enough when left alone, the other Lilim had told her. No mind for politics. A harmless obsessive scientist. Up until the moment you interfered with his work.

And he'd always been so convenient, so safe, to ask for a favor when she needed it. No need to worry about whether he was playing a deeper game, or that she might be pulled by that hook into political complications.

"So you are playing games with the Host," she said. "Considering that you have an Elohite doing your dirty work."

"Playing games? An interesting way of putting it."

"And they let you do that? How tight of a collar do they have on you?"

When he smiled, he had all the warmth of the rain dropping down across the windshield. "Tighter than you'd imagine, Sister. I'm tied a half dozen ways to Heaven." The laugh surprised her. "I could count the ways, but you wouldn't understand."

"What do you want from me?" Let it be a simple computer job, even a complex one, and she'd be free in a matter of days. Not so long an absence or delay as to raise suspicion, she could still get through this without drawing the attention of the Game, and she'd count herself more than lucky for that. The only time he'd ever called in a favor before was to have her manage some computer project he hadn't wanted to deal with himself. A strangely Luddite tendency for a Vapulan, but one had to expect eccentricities from any Lilim that manifested as male.

"Information. I'll explain once we get there."

He was right beside her all the way up the stairs, and Yoshiko paused at the door, covered it as a fumbling for keys. If Goldie could keep quiet -- no. Mannie was bound to read something in the imp's eyes, or that Elohite would notice inappropriate emotions. They'd destroy her Servant if they found it was watching. "Maharang," she said, pushed herself towards formality as much as it rankled, "I have a dog-vesseled Servant in there who I'd rather not lose. This would be difficult if he saw you. Can I shut him in a room before you come in? He's been locked in there before when I've had clients by."

The pause stretched out long enough that she began to worry she'd offended him. "You may," he said. "But nothing else. Don't give him any clue about what's going on."

"I won't."

Yoshiko stepped inside, shut the door quickly behind her. He hadn't said not to lock the door -- but if she started acting contrary, he might become more unpleasant, and who knew how many angel minders he had to support unpleasantness? Best to be cooperative, and get it finished quickly. "Goldie, I have a private client. You get to stay in the bedroom for a while."

The dog whined, but trotted into the other room.

"No listening at the door," she said, and turned on the radio in the bedroom. "This is serious, understand?" Shut the door behind her, locked that one, and then opened the front door. "Okay, he's out of the way. Come in."

Mannie stepped inside, stood still for a moment while he examined the apartment. It felt suddenly cheap and cluttered with him looking at it, where she'd always found the space comfortable and personal before. "I see your tastes haven't changed much."

"Why should they? I know what I like." Yoshiko dropped down into a beanbag and pulled up her computer. "So we're here. What do you want?"

"Answers. But I don't intend to be the one asking the questions." A brisk rap at the door, and when he opened it, the little girl -- Elohite, a sneaky little Elohite -- walked inside, followed by a middle-aged woman in conservative business-wear. He shut the door again behind them, and Yoshiko pushed down the beginnings of panic from where it threatened to overwhelm her. Two angels, a powerful Renegade... She'd be lucky to get out of this one alive, much less unnoticed by the Game. "You've already met Nosha. She'll ask the questions."

The Elohite dropped down next to Yoshiko, and pulled off that pink jacket. "For what it's worth," she said, "I do appreciate the manga recommendation. Gamma and Strange have been telling me I should try a few for ages, but I've never had the time to look into that form of storytelling."

Cooperative. No matter how much she hated it, she would be cooperative and try to get out of this situation alive. Far too late now to run screaming, assuming she could even manage to break through the whispered obey, obey of the Geas around her. "What do you want?"

"Complicated question," said Nosha, fishing a green lollipop out of her overalls, and weren't Elohim supposed to be blank-faced cold-hearted bastards who'd do anything for what they considered the ultimate good? Seeing one in pigtails working through a sticky bit of candy jarred horribly with what she knew. Maybe that was the point. "You probably mean, what do we want from you? Which is still complicated, but covering a smaller area." The Elohite paused, smiled at her from behind those stupid plastic sunglasses. "You're stressed. Try to relax. We don't intend any direct threat towards you, and if we get what we've come for, we intend to leave you in peace."

"You'd say that whether it was true or not."

"Yes, but I'd feel bad about it if it weren't." Nosha stuffed the lollipop away in that same front pocket. "Mannie? Be a dear and make us some tea, would you? This is going to be a long conversation."

And that felt very much like shock, to watch Mannie, black-hearted terror of a dozen stories, walk into the kitchen without any complaint to open cupboards. "It's in the one in the back," she said. "Left side. Cups are hanging inside the shelf above. Kettle's on the stove." Still no complaint, and she decided to press her luck. "Chamomile, if you would. And please remember to use the filtered water in the fridge, not tap water."

How well did they have him tied, that he'd comply, even as she was the one with a Geas around her neck?

Could they tie her up the same way now that they'd found her?

No. She was no Renegade, and with a Heart and Prince to return to, couldn't be broken like that. Never like that.

And the little girl who wasn't so young or helpless at all was watching her, full aware of every twist of her emotions. Yoshiko stilled a shudder. If it wasn't the near mind-reading of Seraphim, it was still too far into her head for comfort. "What are your questions?"

"What research did you do for Aglaya recently?"

A darling little Impudite and friend, who would no doubt give out another's name and location to save her own skin. "She told you--"

"No. She wasn't the one who gave us your name. But we received certain information from a Servitor who recently woke from Trauma, correlated with other sets of data..." A very clinical gesture of dismissal from the girl. "We aren't incapable of putting together the facts to reach a conclusion. What did she ask you for?"

"Credit card records." Yoshiko pushed away the touch of guilt at saying this. A Geas dictated certain results, and she couldn't call it betrayal when her hand was forced. "She gave me a set of information, and wanted to find someone. I tracked down a few possibilities, she took it from there."

"The downside of a Role that's using the typical forms of payment in this society," Nosha said. "She had enough information to narrow it down sufficiently?"

"Once she got to seeing the actual purchases, sure. Spending patterns for angels don't follow the same trends as those of your average human." Yoshiko found her fingers hovering over the keys of her laptop, a half dozen chat rooms open, and nothing to say in any of them. "That's all you wanted to know?"

"That's only the most recent piece of information you've found for her. What other favors have you done for Aglaya?"

"Research. I mean, a little here, a little there. The usual sort of thing. Finding out what other Servitors are doing, where they are, basic info."

"Do you keep records of these things?"

"Of course not. Do I look like an idiot? Everyone snoops around about other projects, but no one wants to get caught. Pretend like it's one big happy cooperative family, right? Any information I got her went straight to hard copy and then left my hard drive. No way to trace it back to me."

"I see. We can come back to that later. How long has she been asking you for this sort of information?"

"Um. Maybe two years? Did her a few favors now and then back in the day, but it's only recently she's been coming in often." Stupid little Amy, thinking she could play the Host to her own ends, and look where it was getting her. Better yet, look where it was getting her friends. Yoshiko reminded herself to have a long talk with the Impudite about this, assuming said Impudite was alive to talk after the Host finished with her. And spared a momentary pang of worry for that one. Stupid, endlessly stupid to try to play with angels, no matter that Aglaya'd said her plan was secure. "Finding out where people were assigned, mostly."

"Interesting."

"Boring, more like. And cheap. Nothing difficult." Let them underestimate her, consider her part in Aglaya's game too small to be worth pursuing further.

"Really? How far in debt is she to you?"

"No major favors." And there weren't, nothing larger than a week's Geas in any of them. All the little favors adding up over time.

"How many total?" Mannie asked, and presented her with a cup of tea. Passed another to the Elohite while she was wrapping her hands around hot ceramic. He sat down cross-legged on the floor in front of them, coat spread out around him, and took a sip of tea. Frowned. "You drink this voluntarily?"

"I happen to like chamomile." Yoshiko considered avoiding his first question, and decided it wasn't worth the risk of annoying him. Even a leashed dog could bite at its master's command. "About a dozen hour hooks. Another dozen days. And four weeks. Why do you care?"

"I don't," said Nosha. "This is Mannie's project, not mine."

Which put a new spin on things. Amy-dearest had worked for Mannie when she was a scared little demon, and seemed to have done a certain amount of imprinting in the process. Assume that this had gone both ways, and now Mannie wanted his pet back... He looked like someone normal, sitting on the floor. Not frightening at all. Not that she was about to forget what he'd been able to do. A year's Geas still lingering in potentia on her for the time he'd thrown a Shedite she hated to a triad of Judgment without leaving anyone the wiser. Even chained and distracted by some old attachment, he was dangerous. "You want me to drop my holds on her."

"Thus she displays a rudimentary level of cleverness," Mannie said. "About as quickly as I expected."

"Don't be rude," said Nosha.

"You can't make me give up what's owed to me. I paid for every one of those favors fair and square." The very idea that they'd try to force her into that--

"I don't intend to ask you to give them up for nothing," Mannie said. "What I'm proposing is an equitable trade. If you drop every hook you have in Aglaya, I'll drop those I hold on you, save the one currently active."

"That's not fair. I have more on her than you do on me."

"Are you sure?"

She opened her mouth to protest. Closed it again. And had to wonder, for every time he'd presented her with a solution she'd asked for, if there was a time he'd arranged something in her favor without ever letting her know. "It's not fair," she repeated quietly.

"Neither is life. And yet, somehow, we manage." He pulled a notebook out from inside his coat, a pen to match it, and began scribbling out... something. Whatever it was that he felt the need to keep notes on. "You're not dealing with us from a position of power. But you're correct. She owes you more than you owe me, and you don't have to give up any of those Geases if you don't wish to do so."

"So what if I don't? I'll answer your questions, but not that."

"I need her free of those obligations, Yoshiko. One way or another. If you're willing to trade, I'm presenting you with the best bargain I have available. If you're not, there's one other way to remove all your hooks from her. And anyone else."

"You would--" She stopped, and drank hot tea, tried to calm her shaking. Hated the way the little girl was still watching her, that the Elohite knew what she felt. "You would threaten to soul-kill me over her?"

"No. I wouldn't." This time Mannie's smile wasn't cold at all, only sad around the edges. "I don't care enough about her to go to all this trouble. But a friend of mine does, and asked me for help. I would do it for him."

Yoshiko set down the cup of tea. And pressed both palms against her face until she saw red patches inside her eyelids. "That idiot. I told her to be careful. I told her it was a stupid idea. And of course it's me who ends up paying for it. I should have known better than to associate with the insane." She picked up her tea again. "So that's the choice you're offering me? Ditch ever hook I have in her, or get ripped apart?"

"There's a third choice," said the Elohite.

"Not really," said Mannie. "She's hardly a redemption candidate."

"Nearly as bad as you were, when you arrived at the Tether," said the angel Yoshiko had forgotten about. Yoshiko twitched, and turned to look at where the woman stood so silently in the corner of the room. Only watching.

"Ah. You do perhaps have a point." Mannie made another note in his book, and his expression was... embarrassed.

She'd never seen him look like that, before.

"You're not seriously suggesting that, are you?" she asked.

"Certainly not," Mannie said. "You're a comfortable Lilim of Vapula, settled into your Role, with no reason to want anything else." She didn't like the undercurrent of scorn to how he said it. "If you ran to Heaven, you'd lose everything you've spent so long building up. All your influence, reputation, resources, position... The Game would put more effort than you'd otherwise justify in trying to destroy you, by virtue of your Band. Trade everything for a risky chance at redemption? You're as likely to try that as you are to run off to Asmodeus after this to let him know you've been passing information to the Host, and talking to a supposed Renegade."

The Elohite laughed. "You only say that because you'd have one more schedule to work around when arranging the next Bright Lilim get-together, Mannie."

"Do you have any idea how difficult it is to juggle those schedules? I'm still annoyed that Lin insisted I take a turn at arranging one."

"You could have said no." Yoshiko listened to the two of them in a bemused wonder. They spoke like old friends, Elohite and Lilim. (And the Game wouldn't know if she only thought it, that maybe he had gone Bright, somehow. But someone like him? Impossible.)

"I tried. She got insistent. I tried harder, and she went teary-eyed. Do you have any idea how embarrassing it is to have a Servitor of Flowers sniffling at you in the middle of a coffee shop? I agreed out of self-defense." He took another sip from the cup of tea sitting beside him, and twitched. "Don't you have any coffee in the apartment?"

"No," Yoshiko said. A petty moment of revenge. "I don't like the taste."

"In any case. Better that I plan it than Cory. She invites her friends for, as she puts it, eye candy. Have you ever been to a party full of Malakim of War? Have you ever seen what they consider party games?"

The Elohite tugged on one pigtail. "The mind does recoil from attempting to imagine this. But we're straying from the point." She looked up at Yoshiko, face as serious as that of any child concerned over how the story in a book would end. "You don't have to decide now. But soon."

"You're only giving me one choice," Yoshiko said. And refused to believe there were any other choices than the one.

I would kill for a good cup of coffee, right now. I would only do so to someone who deserved the murder, given the angel of God status. However, as no demons have walked into the apartment with steaming cups in hand, I'm left with a lingering annoyance at having my caffeine habit interrupted.

And a nervous Lilim who's been trying not to look at me for the last few hours, except when she thinks I won't notice.

I've so seldom bothered to call in Geases outside of emergencies, it's unfamiliar to hold an active one that lasts longer than a few minutes. Like holding a pen over a blank piece of paper, and trying to decide what to write. Except in this case I passed the pen on to someone else, and I'm watching as the writing appears in front of me.

Yoshiko is at the top of the very short list of Lilim of Technology who I'd be willing to deal with like this. Most of them I'd simply destroy, as circumstances allowed; this might annoy Mother, but she's already full of reasons to dislike me, and Lilim ought to know better than to give help to someone playing dangerous games with the Host. Perhaps I ought to congratulate Aglaya in her good taste on choosing partners in crime. Of all the demons I know, this is the one I'd think least likely to stab her in the back. Admittedly, the competition there isn't fierce.

And drinking this colored water she calls tea is a strike against her. People pay for this?

"Could I get a refill?" Nosha asks, holding up her tea cup.

"I can't imagine why you'd want one." I take the cup back to the kitchen. "What are we up to?"

"February of this year."

I pour out hot tea. "What happened to January?"

"Nothing happened in January, that's what happened to it. I thought you were taking notes." Nosha receives the cup, has a sip, and appears to be enjoying it. I knew the Elohite could act.

I sit back down the floor. Not a chair to be found in the house; Yoshiko never hesitated to impose her preferences on visitors, even at the expense of annoying those she should've appeased. See also: why I have hooks on her. "I must have been distracted when January was referenced." I'd prefer to hurry this along, though for now I'll trust Nosha's judgment. The longer it takes to bring Yoshiko to choosing the only real option we're giving her, the more chance my batty little Ofanite will do something stupid. That he's usually able to bring success out of stupidity through enthusiastic determination isn't comforting at the moment. I wish he would call, but it's too early to call him myself when he might be in the middle of something.

Someone pounds on the front door. "Yoshi? Yoshi, lemme in!"

The Lilim's eyes go wide. "Oh, fuck. Um."

"Who is it?"

"Jeff, this idiot Impudite I've been working on a project for. You wouldn't know him, I think, he's pretty young, has enough backing to pay..." She sets aside her computer, pauses in the act of standing up. "Can I--"

"Get rid of him, yes." I stand up and move into the kitchen where I'm not visible from the open door. "Try to make it snappy."

Yoshiko stomps over to the door, yanks it open. "Jeff, you idiot, what do you want?"

"I need that data set--"

"I'm still working on it!"

"Can I come in?" I may not recognize the voice, but I recognize the whine of a young Impudite who hasn't learned how to deal with people who can't be easily Charmed.

"No, you can't. I have a client in here right now."

"Who?"

"Someone more important than you. Go away."

"But, Yoshi--"

"If it's important, drop me an email." The door slams shut again. "Idiot."

"There's another thing I don't miss about working for Vapula." I return to my place on the floor. At least she keeps this place vacuumed, the occasional touch of dog hair aside. "Whoever decided that seven-Force demons ought to be allowed into serious projects ought to be shot. Repeatedly. And then again after waking from Trauma, to make sure the lesson sticks."

"Add a few more rounds of shooting, and I'm right with you." She drops back down, and twitches as the hammering starts up again. "If he wasn't sleeping with that Habbalite, he'd never have lived this long. But he ought to shut up if I ignore him. Eventually."

The hammering continues. Yoshiko sighs, and drinks more tea.

"February?" Nosha has to raise her voice slightly to be heard over the noise.

"Right. February. You already reviewed what emails I didn't delete. She had me... mm. Was that month where that one lab disappeared overnight? Like, the actual building gone, nothing but faintly smoking foundations left behind. No fragments or anything. Because I remember she had me looking into that, checking up on reports of anyone new in the area right before it happened. Didn't find much."

"March," Zif says. Three pairs of eyes on her, but she only returns a bland expression to us. "That incident was early March. The morning of March second."

"You didn't tell me about that one," I say.

"It didn't concern you, so there was no reason." And I've known my Cherub for long enough now to detect the trace of a smile around the corner of her lips. "However, if you want to review the reports, I'll email you the details when you get back home. Niele projected her memories of the event for recording, and you might enjoy the video."

The pounding at the door breaks off, and I catch the sound of Yoshiko swallowing nervously. Possibly not the best audience for stories of destroying Vapulan labs. "But don't let me interrupt," I say. "You were back in February."

"What's the point?" The Lilim turns her back to Nosha, shuddering. "You're going to kill me, or if you don't someone else will find out you were here and then the Game will get me, and it doesn't matter if I tell you anything or not. It's all going to end the same. And don't try telling me you wouldn't, because even if you swear to it yourself it's not going to stop either of them."

"Not every demon I've run into has been snatched up by the Game," I say. Nosha turns to frown at my tone, but I don't care that this Lilim is having her own little breakdown in front of me. I'm not about to pretend to be less impatient than I am. "Aglaya is proof of that." Though at this point I wish that Impudite had been jumped by the Game the moment she came out of Trauma. It would have saved Kai and I a fair amount of trouble.

"She only saw you briefly during that whole mess with Hari, and got vessel-killed in the process. It's not the same as sitting around talking."

"Ah, yes. I'd nearly forgotten about the version of that incident she'd be telling."

Yoshiko twitches. Turns to face me again. "But that's not what happened?"

"How badly do you want to know?" I check Zif and Nosha, but neither is indicating I shouldn't give out this story. We're already playing with Aglaya's future; we might as well use all of her past, too. "You're talking about information that, so far as we can tell, no one on your side has acquired yet."

The Lilim bites her lip for a moment. "Two of the months I hold on her. What would that buy?"

"A general summary of events, focusing on her part in them."

"Deal." She waves one hand. "Two perfectly good Geases dropped. What happened?"

"Aglaya saw me on the street before that affair, and we spoke." Not that I'm about to detail the conversation involved, especially the list she passed on. It's not relevant to the conclusion, and thus not part of the deal. "She let Hari know that I was there, and then arranged to let me know that he was coming."

"Setting up a meeting between -- she is insane. I swear, she is."

"Possibly. Sanity debate aside, she did make sure Hari and I met again." And I am not saying anything about that part of the story. "Once he was sufficiently distracted, she got rid of the other demons who were guarding the area, and shot Hari in the back."

"And then you shot her."

"She did ask me to. It would have been difficult for her to justify being the only survivor. Aglaya still owes me for that."

"Amy told me you'd taken a favor owed for that. But she said it was to let her escape with nothing worse..." Yoshiko folds her arms tightly. "She would do something like that. Maybe being that cracked comes with being Fallen instead of Hellborn. No sense of self-preservation. I thought she was risking too much just to look for angels."

"Did she say why she wanted to do that?"

"Not in detail. I wasn't about to ask." Yoshiko pulls her knees up to her chest; her vessel looks even younger in that position. "You don't know either, do you?"

"We know what Aglaya told Kai," Nosha says. "It doesn't match what little she told you. Which of these stories her real intentions match, if either..." She spreads her sticky hands.

"Fucking insane Impudite. If both of us make it out of this mess alive, I'm going to kill her myself."

"No you won't," Nosha says.

"You're no Seraph."

"No," says Nosha, and twists a pigtail around one finger. "But you wouldn't. You care about her. Not enough to take serious risks on her behalf, but more than I'd expected from a demon."

"Great. So I marginally pass the angelic quiz about sufficient care for other people, can we move on?" The Lilim's shaking. Showing weakness in front of the enemy leads nowhere pleasant. Even showing weakness in front of friends seldom does. We all learned that early.

Her phone rings, and she twitches.

"Is that a secure line?" I ask.

"What? No, it's just... you know. Cell phone."

"Give it two more rings, then answer," I say, and pull out my phone. Most of the insides of this gadget are devoted the complexities of calling between the corporeal and celestial realms, but I've had time to add a few more features. I flip through the menus, and set the phone to hunting for nearby signals to patch through to.

Yoshiko takes a quick breath, and flips open her phone. "Hello?"

My own phone clicks onto the appropriate signal. "--what to do," says a panicked voice on the other end. "Everything's turning complicated. I didn't expect him to call in more people."

Aglaya. What a pleasant surprise. I wave Yoshiko on to say something as she stares at me, realizing that I'm listening in.

"What happened?" she asks. Cooperative of her to choose appropriate questions. Points to the demon.

"I have a Cherub breathing down my neck, this kid is on friendly terms with Judgment, the simple little project isn't simple because there are two projects going on at once and we're not sure what either of them is, and... I don't know what to do, Yoshi."

"Run," the Lilim says. Not even a look to see if that's what I wanted her to say, though I think it's excellent advice. "Run as fast as you can, get anywhere else. Once you're safely out of the way, give me a call. I'll come get you, or send someone who can. We can work out how much you owe me later."

"I can't." Aglaya never sounded so near tears in my encounters with her, recently or long ago. "I need to finish this."

"Kid, listen to me. You shouldn't have started, and you're obviously in way over your head. I don't care what you had planned, it's time to cut your losses and get out of there before they decide to drag you off to a Tether for debriefing. You owe me enough that one more favor isn't about to break you. Get out of there. What do you need from me to do that?"

"I don't think you can help me."

"Then why did you call?"

"I'm sorry. Never mind." The connection breaks off.

Yoshiko snarls out a few uncreative curses in Helltongue, and throws her phone across the room. "You deserve to get shredded." Glares at Nosha. "Stop looking at me like that."

"It wouldn't make you feel any better," Nosha says. "Would you like more tea?"

"What I'd like is for you all to go away so that I can track down Amy, knock her unconscious, and drag her insane self out of there. But I'm not getting that, am I? So keep asking your questions and get this over with." The Lilim wraps her arms around her knees, and rests her head on top. "You have a year of my time if you want it, and I'm not going anywhere until you say so. Go ahead."

I bring her more tea anyway. Perhaps if we run through the entire box of tea bags I can convince Zif to let me acquire coffee.

"So by the time anyone showed up the next morning, there was nothing left but the foundations of the building," Theo says, and grins at me. "Smoking. You really haven't seen the video?"

"No, I was busy filing the last time I spent more than a few days at a stretch in Heaven. Filing, categorizing, inventorying... I'd rather not talk about it. Who has the video?" My espresso ice cream is reduced to a miniature cone with a tiny dollop of ice cream at the top. Unfortunately, it always starts going drippy at this point in the process, which means I need to eat it whole instead of nibbling it down into an ever-smaller fractal ice cream cone. Some day, I'll figure out a way to get around that without coating the bottom of the cone with a hard chocolate shell. Now that was a failed experiment. Though I did get to find out where they keep all the fire extinguishers in that room of the Halls of Creation.

"Niele, I believe. Or at least she made the video." He kicks stones when he walks, actually detours to whack them away, and watches them bounce until they're still again. I don't quite understand that. "Ever met her? Seraph, biology with a focus in zoology."

"Oh, sure. She came to help rescue me from a deathtrap once. was already out of it by the time she arrived, but I appreciated the thought. Weird encounter, that one, even by Vapulan standards."

"I've heard of that project," Aglaya says. She chose to buy the same flavor of ice cream as I have, but she's barely touched it. Fortunately, the day is cold enough that it hasn't started melting yet. An awfully pretty day, now that it's stopped raining, with a crisp late-autumn scent to the wind, and all the trees in the park rustling as it sweeps through them. "You only got sent to work on that one if someone was personally annoyed at you, but you were too valuable to destroy. Not the worst place to be assigned, but a very pointed gesture."

"I've only seen a few videos," Theo says. "It doesn't sound like a major threat, even if they ever finish up that theoretical research. Now, that contaminated flu vaccination incident, that got unpleasant. Even after dealing with the immediate threat. The number of Kyriotates required to go through an entire town's population to check the blood on every single person who'd gotten the shot..." Theo shakes his head. "Messy."

"You call that messy? You should have seen the aftermath of that one project of Hari's that took out a town in Russia. I got assigned to three months of explaining away that one to anyone who came looking. And the smell..." Aglaya shudders. "At least it was a small town."

"Was that the one in March of 1911?" I lick my fingers clean of remaining coffee ice cream stickiness.

"Yes," Aglaya says, and frowns at me. "Why do you ask?"

"Wasn't sure if it was the one Mannie was involved in, or a different one." She's still giving me an odd look. "I got a rundown on a lot of Mannie's history this one time when the Game had me chained up in a basement. Habbalite used to stand just out of reach and read through a list."

"Why?"

"To mess with my head, I guess. Who can say why the Game does anything? Maybe it was just to keep her entertained. Though what they did to my Role..." I still don't like to think about that. "She got up to about 1935 before I was kinda rescued."

"...kinda rescued?" The question comes from Theo this time.

"Well. The people who came to get me shot me. Which did get me out of that situation, but I could've done without losing the vessel. Complicated issues. Can't blame them for wanting to be sure of not leaving me there no matter what, but it was the last vessel Dad had given me. So it's like being rescued, except not quite, because I'm sure most rescuers don't shoot the rescuee." I am, perhaps, still a bit annoyed over that.

Theo moves to walk closer beside me. "No Cherubim among the people who planned that rescue?"

"Two showed up, but they were there to watch Mannie, not to help get me out. Why do you ask?"

"Just a hunch," Theo says, and Aglaya coughs to not quite cover a laugh.

An old man sitting on a park bench lifts his head, waves to us, and walks over more briskly than anyone that decrepit-looking ought to be able to. "Greetings again," says the Kyriotate, ducking its head to us. "Do you have a moment to talk?"

"Of course," I say. "What's the news? Or did you need help with anything?"

"I've been doing investigation of my own into these demons," the Kyrio says, and ambles along the path beside us. "Even if I've lost the chance to save the woman I watched, I might still work against those who murdered her. The demons sometimes walk the grounds of the center, and speak with each other out of reach of any human listeners. I can't understand their speech, but I recorded some portions of it. If I interpreted your actions correctly, one of you can interpret this, correct? The information may be of some use."

"I can understand it," says Aglaya, and I hope the Kyriotate reads her sudden tension as that of a redeemed being reminded of Hell. "How were you able to record the conversations?"

"A set of small digital recording devices," it says, "and a series of squirrels. Unfortunately, pigeons are unable to manipulate such small controls reliably, though they can carry the recorders to the squirrels."

"Nice trick." I do a quick spin, because the walk alone is slow for my tastes.

"I could hardly work on the corporeal for so many centuries without picking up a few tricks, Wheel. The increasingly miniaturized nature of current electronics delights me to no end." It holds out a hand, and a pigeon flutters down to deposit a small black rectangle there. "Here's the first. It will take me a few minutes to retrieve the others."

I put my hand in its host's. "What could this one use? He seems to be in poor health, and while I'm no doctor, I could give him a few more years." I don't use that aspect of my Dad's attunement much; I can't do it fast enough to destroy a demon's Role the way some can (and believe me, a demon who suddenly finds his vessel is twelve years old while holding down a serious Role has problems), and there's not often a need for me to pass as a child or middle-aged.

"The gesture would be appreciated," the Kyrio says, and so I hold onto that wrinkled hand, concentrate, pull out the years one by one from the man's body. "He has a few regrets which he may yet be able to address, given the time. Thank you."

"Happy to help. How many conversations did you record?"

"Approximately two hours. I was limited in my ability to record more for fear of attracting notice. Few squirrels carry recording devices with them, in my experience. The time constraints on each device of a sufficiently small size to be carried by those hosts also required frequent changes, so there will be gaps."

"Still better than what we had before."

Several pigeon visits later, I've passed six tiny recorders on to Theo, we've done a complete circuit of the cold pond in the center of the park, and the Kyriotate shuffles back towards the bench to leave its host where he started.

"Back to the hotel," Theo says. "I know you'd rather stay outside, but we may want to refer to the files."

"I'll live." Three circuits of the pond have done wonders for my mood. Not quite as good as a zippy car chase down a near-empty freeway, but it's not often I can get one of those. "Aglaya, were you going to finish that?"

She glances down at her ice cream cone. "I don't think so. You want?"

"Thought you'd never ask."

Heading back into the expensive walled-up hotel room becomes far easier with a second dose of ice cream.

Aglaya and Theo end up hovering over the recorders, but they'll let me know if anything important comes up, so I adjourn to the second room, push the connecting door almost shut, and give Mannie a call. Hearing from him usually puts me in a better mood, and I could use another push in that direction. There's only so much I can do to relegate certain recent events to the "fix it later" box in my mind.

"Kai. How's it going?" That's English, not angelic, which means he's downstairs again. And a restrained note of worry in his voice.

"We're getting by. Guess it's a good thing Theo and Aglaya are here, because left to my own devices, I'd just be working my way through known demons until either I figured out what was going on or ran out of demons. I think they're investigating the project itself. What a concept, right?" I kick off my shoes and take to the bed. This vessel is just enough heavier than my last one that I need to be careful about how hard I jump, but the basic principles still apply. "See, this is why I prefer motels to hotels. The beds here are nice enough that I feel guilty about jumping on them too hard. If the whole thing's already sagging, no guilt!"

"Ah. I suppose so. No signs of imminent trouble?"

"Maybe lurking in the corners, but so far they don't know what we're doing and we don't know what they're doing, so Theo's only worried instead of paranoid. Does Zif get clingy when you're on Earth? Or is it only when Cherubim first get near their attuned? I'm half an hour away from asking for more space, and he's only been here two days. He can be three yards away and still be hovering. I can take care of myself."

"I would find that assertion more convincing if you didn't run through vessels at a rate that would make a Malakite proud. This is your fifth now, correct?"

"Details. Anyway, how's it going on your end? Track down who you needed to? I can ask Aglaya again--"

"That won't be necessary. I'm taking care of it."

I drop onto my back on the bed, enjoy the momentary full-horizontal bounce. Roll off the side and spin around the room. "You are, as always, a wonder." With anyone else I'd say, "I owe you," but that phrasing makes Mannie twitchy, so I settle for something less commercial. "Should've known you could figure it out. How'd you do that?"

"Information from a Seraph who woke up from Trauma. Aglaya had asked her certain questions before killing the Seraph's vessel."

I stop spinning, though the room continues for a moment. "Oh."

"Even if it annoys you at times, try to stay close to Theo." The unspoken part: because I ought to remember cute helpful vulnerable Aglaya is an Impudite older than I am with practice dealing in the politics of Hell.

Mannie can be remarkably good at conveying things without saying them, when he wants to be.

"Understood." So much for this phone call cheering me up, though it's still good to hear from him. "And, let me guess, you're right in the middle of taking care of this messy project I dropped on you, so I should let you get back to that?"

"As perceptive as ever. Be careful."

I put away my phone, and... spin. Dance and spin, working out all the old moves on this new body. I don't want to go back into that other room yet. Not until I'm ready to look at her again.

When Mannie put away his phone, Yoshiko said, "You told me in the car that you were tied a half-dozen ways to Heaven. Would that be one of them?"

He didn't have to answer her. But he nodded.

"How many ties?" No one was interrupting her yet. If she became too impertinent, they'd let her know.

"Five," he said. If his expression was near-unreadable behind those sunglasses, his voice was so blank it could only mean that this mattered to him and he didn't wish to reveal how much.

What a wonder, that he would answer her questions, even as he held the Geas. "Do they all have names?"

"Every one of them," he said.

The idea of going Renegade, leaving behind her Mother, her Prince, her friends and debts and Hell itself, was inconceivable.

But the naming of those chains, that much she could understand.

Aglaya passed the fourth transcription to the Cherub, reached for the fifth recorder. Paused. "He's still in there. Long phone call?"

"Possibly. Or maybe he needs some space." Theo shrugged. "Some angels react poorly to being attuned to."

"Why?" She had the recorder in hand, but didn't want to set it playing yet. And she was beginning to hate the way Theo's expression shaded into disgust every time the Helltongue crackled out. "You'd do anything to protect him. How could he not appreciate that?"

"Some take it as a sign that they're considered too weak or irresponsible to take care of themselves. A few wonder if they're being watched for misbehavior. And sometimes..." Theo shrugged. "They don't like the responsibility. It's different than attuning to humans. An angel will worry about putting itself in enough danger that I might risk dissonance, even if that's not their problem."

"I hadn't thought about it that way." The look she received suggested he was taking the response as facetious. "Seriously. It just... I mean, it's not something I thought about much, and it's not how I reacted--"

No, there were places she didn't want to go, not in front of him. Aglaya picked up the fifth recorder.

"When you had a Cherub attuned to you," Theo said. Too late to avoid the subject.

She turned the little black rectangle about in her hands. Always technology marched onward, a thousand uses in a thousand forms, and even the angels of Lightning who grumbled about releasing such things too early would use any gadgets they found convenient, no matter where those things originated. Pragmatic, efficient Lightning, prepared to keep all the marvels they'd discovered to themselves. "I suppose you've read my file. They still keep files on everyone, don't they?"

"We do."

"I can't imagine mine is large." A few lines of data about how well she'd done in her classes, maybe a page or two about her first, and only, assignment on Earth.

"We haven't stopped compiling data about your activities since you jumped ship, Aglaya. It's only been harder to come by and less reliable." He had such a clinical tone, like the Elohite who'd taken all the Mercurians and Mercurians-to-be aside for a session about dealing with humans on Earth. Explaining carefully the dangers particular to her Choir, how expectations built up from experience with blessed souls couldn't be trusted among humanity at large.

"It doesn't help," she said, and it sounded as if her own voice came from a little black box, a thousand miles away. "If they decide to get you, it doesn't matter if you have a Cherub attuned to you. They sang up a cloud to block her resonance, and she didn't even know when they came for me." That had been a strange comfort, when she'd found out. Her Guardian hadn't abandoned her. Had simply... never known, until it was too late.

"I know," said Theo. "I spoke with her before setting out."

"I'm sorry," said Aglaya. "It probably doesn't matter to her, by now. But I am sorry."

"It would have hurt her less if you'd died."

Aglaya nodded. Kept turning the recorder about in her hands, though she couldn't feel it anymore, and the room had turned January-cold around her. She was glad that door was still closed. "I should have. Or at least, I should have tried. Pain and Trauma are, in retrospect, small things to fear, compared to every other sort of tragedy. I don't know if they would have found a way to push me celestial and tear me apart, if I'd been... stronger. Not fought back. I suppose what-ifs don't matter. What's done is done."

"The matter seems to have been decided." Theo sat down on the bed. It didn't make him look any less threatening. With his jacket off, she could see the tattooed flames curling all around his wrists and forearms, a sign of she didn't know what. Fashion or fanaticism, though he didn't seem concerned with either. "Why are you doing this, Aglaya?"

"You expect an honest answer?"

"No. But I'd like to hear the current story." There was none of Kai's sympathy in that voice, and she wasn't sure if that made the question better or worse.

Better. Easier to answer if she didn't care what he thought.

"I... don't like my job. Or my coworkers. Or my Superior. Even if I'm no fan of Lightning's party line either, I hate what these people are doing." It sounded plausible enough, didn't it? Present him with a shell of truth, and maybe he wouldn't notice how hollow the interior was.

The Cherub sighed. "Never mind. Let's get back to work."

Aglaya set down the recorder on the desk. "It won't help."

"What?"

"Sending you to protect him. It won't work, if they decide they want him. I didn't even know they were coming. Neither of us did. In the end, all it did was hurt her more for having attuned to me. For caring about me." As if her voice were coming from someone else. "I wish you weren't here. I hate seeing people get hurt. Even when I'm doing it."

"Aglaya--"

She smiled. It was a sweet smile, charming without being aggressive. She'd learned it back in Heaven, when it had only been a way of reassuring people, with no deceit behind the expression. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to worry you. Just... bad memories."

Theo snorted. "I trust that about as far as I can throw you. Which is, incidentally, about a room and a half."

"I'll keep that in mind." She stood up. "I'm going to see what's keeping Kai. You can lurk along if you're that worried about what I might do to him."

It was a relief, though, when the Cherub didn't follow her. He knew she didn't mean any harm.

Not the sort of harm he understood.

She found the Ofanite pacing. No surprise there. He glanced over as she entered, but didn't say anything, and that was a surprise, not a good one. "Get a chance to talk to Mannie again?" she asked.

"Yeah." Kai wasn't looking at her.

"Did something go wrong?"

"Nothing new. Just new information. This one Seraph just woke up from Trauma." He wasn't trying to keep his tone neutral, and it felt like sliding downhill, straight back to where she'd started. "Don't suppose you'd know anything about that?"

Aglaya closed her eyes, and wished the room weren't so cold. "It was necessary, Kai."

"Want to explain how? Because I'm not seeing it."

"There's a Habbalite in the area who worked out that she was an angel. He sent a few Hellsworn in to capture her, bring her in for him to... work on." When she opened her eyes again he was watching. Standing still to listen to what she might say. Look deep enough into those eyes, and see the wheel of fire spinning behind them. "I found out and got in on the plan. Once I had the information I needed, I killed her vessel so that they couldn't turn her over to the Habbalite."

"How... honorable." That wasn't entirely sarcasm, which gave her a touch of hope. She would not consider what she might hope for.

"And pragmatic. If I let them take her, she might have told them what I'd asked. Which would have led to questions I didn't want to answer." Aglaya spread her hands. "I didn't have selfless reasons, and I did coax out information she didn't want to give me. But I kept her from being held longer by the forces of Hell."

"What did you ask her about?"

So they hadn't passed on all the details. He'd find out eventually. Aglaya let the shiver pass over her, knowing he'd notice and remember why she'd be so cold. "Her Role is the sister to yours. I was looking for some angel of Lightning who I could pass information to. Anyone I used to know would try to kill me or refuse to speak with me, but you... I knew you were going to be angry, but that you'd listen if I could find you someplace public first."

The Ofanite sighed, and returned to pacing. Around her, this time. "So you killed my little sister to save her from the demons and get my address. And somehow this is supposed to be a good thing."

"Not good. Only... better than the alternatives." Aglaya laughed shortly. "I don't get to do good things, Kai. It comes with being a demon. The best I can manage is to use evil in the service of good."

"You can--"

"No. I can't. Please don't ask."

"I don't understand you, Aglaya." She stood still, the better to be circled. And if she closed her eyes, she could imagine being surrounded by a ring of fire, but that wasn't a place she wanted to go. "Maybe it's just as well that I don't. What have you worked out from the recordings?" Just like that, the subject dropped and an easy glide to a more comfortable topic. She could never tell if it was deliberate or only that his conversations were like a rock skipping across the pond of what went on in his mind.

"Useful information. The demon in charge of this project has his own private experiments. The authorized project seems to be connected to the research done in the center, though we can't say how. The captured angels and ethereal were his own. I believe if we go back and check those financial records again, we'll see that he's been siphoning a large amount of his assigned funds to buy that equipment. And, most recently, to hire three new demons for security. Servitors of Fire. Standard mercenaries for this sort of situation. We'll need to be careful; they won't care much about Role maintenance or disturbance."

"Fun." And he sounded as if he meant it, quicksilver smile and one hand moving thoughtfully to his jacket's pocket. "Any idea what Bands? Or how powerful they might be?"

"At least one Calabite. Theo will insist you stay out of range."

"Not like I haven't run into Calabim before." The lack of understanding was mutual. Why would he want to step into danger instead of keeping out of the way? "We'll work something out. Do we have a plan?" He spun out of orbit to open the door, wander back into the other room. "Because I could try coming up with a plan, but it's likely to involve explosions."

"No wonder you get along so well with those Windies," Theo said. "But I'd like to keep this quieter than that. See if we can pull this demon out of the research center while leaving the human structures intact. Whether or not their research is feasible, it wouldn't do to discourage them."

"We've got one of the doctors out and dead, the director of the place discovered murdered once Neski can't keep that covered up any longer... Someone's going to check his house, Theo. And that's assuming the two Impudites that went down weren't important enough to draw attention. All this after the human they killed. And we need to remove one more demon. How quiet do you think we can keep it?" Kai had left his shoes in the other room, and stepped up to the arm of the couch in this one, walked along its back with his fingers brushing the ceiling. "Unless we can pin all the deaths on that one Vapulan, and that's a more evidence-doctoring than I'm up to."

"If we can isolate him, and lead police towards him with sufficient evidence..." Theo frowned. "Against a Balseraph, as I suspect this one is? Or any number of other infernal resonances... No, that would be difficult without investing serious resources."

"Plant a gun on the doctor, and have a Kyriotate take over a police officer?" Aglaya suggested. "One regrettably necessary shooting later, you have a public death, and less evidence is needed to convict a dead man than a live one."

"He's unlikely to go down with one bullet, and having a mild-mannered professor, gun-wielding or not, shot six times in the course of duty would do that police officer's career no good," Kai said. "I suspect Neski would quibble. How about a sudden overnight disappearance, signs of a rushed packing job, and lots of partially destroyed evidence left behind? For getting rid of bodies, I think the Cherub and a Malakite of Animals nearby would be interested in helping. I could give them a call. They might be busy, butthey do kinda owe me."

"I'd prefer something more subtle, but..." Theo pulled out a little handheld computer, and began taking notes. As far as Aglaya could see, it was nothing more than a cutting-edge version of the same ones anyone else could buy on Earth. "Effective beats out subtle when it comes to completing a mission."

"Now that's my kind of mission approach." The Ofanite flipped backwards off the couch, landed neatly on his feet. "Let's see. Priorities. We need to eliminate the hired security before anything else, and part of that is getting them out of mortal sight." He ran one hand along furniture and the walls at every point where he turned, as if he were itemizing them. "So we need to draw them out, take them down fast, locate the Vapulan before he can run or call in support, eliminate him out of sight of any witness we can't Kyrio, get rid of the bodies, and arrange the cover-up. Tricky. But doable. Since we're not sure what either project is, how much support can we call in? Especially given that we're running out of time before a cover-up becomes impractical."

"A few tools. Maybe an extra Kyriotate to help with the cleanup, once we reach that stage. We don't have enough evidence to justify a proper strike team." The Cherub looked to Aglaya. "What can you bring into this?"

"I have one effective weapon. But I can't let any of them see me."

"So you shoot them from behind," Kai said, and grinned at her. "Problem solved."

"Is everything that simple to you?"

"Generally, yes. I like a straightforward approach to things." The Ofanite ran at hand across the desk next to her as he paced by. "I save complexity for my art, where I can appreciate it."

"The plan is complex enough to go wrong in a dozen ways already," Theo said. "Let's see what we can work out from the information we have."

It wasn't belonging. She couldn't possibly belong. But as they worked through the plan, when she spoke, they listened.

And Kai smiled at her again.

I have an entire notebook of information by the time Yoshiko finishes with Nosha's questions. Most of it peripheral, despite my attempts to organize and sift out what mattered as the conversation progressed. But what information I have, I'll work with. I've dealt with shoddier research and less complete data sets before.

Tuning out Nosha and Yoshiko's subsequent conversation comes easily; they seem to be discussing video games and comic books. Not anything that interests me, or that relates to what we need, but I trust the Elohite is pushing her in useful directions. I begin pulling pages out of my notebook to sort them.

I can't do this with computers; short of covering an entire wall with displays, and what a horrific image that is, there's only so much I can examine at a time on the computer screen. Here, I can physically arrange every separate page on the floor, spread them out and group them by similarities, hypothesize another point of comparison and see how much the groupings change, or don't change.

After several minutes I come up with reasonably consistent groupings, for five separate points of comparison.

Interesting.

"What are you doing?" Yoshiko asks, breaking off halfway through some babbling about one plot line or another of whatever it is they're on now.

"Examining the shadow from multiple angles, to hypothesize more accurately about the three-dimensional object." I sit up straight again, and snap her a quick smile. "You wouldn't be interested."

"You're talking about what my favorite insane Impudite has been doing, of course I'm interested. But that looks like two stacks of paper."

"Yes. Divided precisely by date, once I accounted for when she'd asked for the information, not when you delivered it. While the sorts of incidents and research Aglaya looked into changed little in their general categories, the focus did a ninety-degree turn at this point. I'd like to know what changed."

Nosha takes out her green lollipop, twirls it around in one hand. Some day I'll have to ask if it's some sort of talisman, or only window dressing to go with the vessel. "So what's the disconnect? Summarized. Going into details of how you reached that conclusion might take too long."

"Likely." Explaining my own internal thought processes can be difficult at times, especially when I reach one of those beautiful moments where everything resolves into an answer, and I can't explain why I've reached the conclusion, only that all the pieces did indeed work. "Up until about four months ago, she was compiling another list like the one she gave us before. After that point, she was looking for Kai."

"She wasn't looking for anyone in particular," Yoshiko says. "For one person out of a set of possibilities, yes--"

"No, she was looking for him. Even assuming that she was doing research on the side and only came to you for help with the parts she couldn't handle personally. The information may be incomplete, but it's not imprecise."

"Possibly she'd finished the list, and wanted to pass it off to someone reliable?" Nosha suggests, but her frown tells me she doesn't think this is likely.

"First, if she wanted to send it in safely, she could have mailed it to any one of a number of Tethers," I say. "And be sure that we'd treat it as seriously as the first one she gave us. Second, she hasn't had enough time to compile a proper list. The one she gave us had to take several years of investigation."

"Wait, what list?" Yoshiko asks. She stands up abruptly, and stalks into the kitchen. Pours herself a cup of tea. "Assuming you're willing to tell me."

"I have no pressing need to hide the secrets of one demon from another," I say. At least not in these circumstances, and with this particular combination of demons. "I mentioned that Aglaya and I spoke before that encounter with Hari. At the time, she gave me a list." I pause.

The Lilim sighs, sitting down again. "Fine, another week gone. Sufficient?"

"Probably not, but I'm in a generous mood. Aglaya gave me a list of potential redemption candidates within Technology, as well as addresses for their current projects."

That results in exactly the shocked silence from her that I was expecting.

"Ordinarily I wouldn't want to spread that information around, but we've run through the list, and you know enough to blackmail Aglaya a dozen times over." I fold the first set of papers into a neat bundle and deposit them in an inside pocket of my jacket. We can follow through on those investigations ourselves later, regardless of what happens to the Impudite. "Do you remember anything that happened to Aglaya four months back?"

"...she what?"

"Do try to keep up, Sister."

"She's... she just..." Yoshiko hasn't quite gotten past the shock yet. "Why? Why is she doing this?"

"Excellent question, and one we'd all like an answer to. If you have any theories, by all means, share them with the the class."

"She's... trying to buy her way back to Heaven?"

"If that were the case," Nosha says quietly, "she would have accepted our offer when we made it."

Yoshiko's gaze won't leave me. Well. I'm not one to entirely avoid risks. I pull off my sunglasses, let her read whatever Needs she can find in my eyes. All I can see in hers is a lingering desire to finish up projects she's taken on before her clients come asking for results, and I don't want to look deeper. "Do you remember anything that changed four months ago?"

"...no. I don't know. Maybe." The Lilim stares down at the floor. "She's a good actor when she wants to be. Everything seemed fine, fine, fine. If she doesn't want me to know she's upset, I won't know. But... she did get more, um, willing. To take on Geases for what she needed. Stopped bargaining so hard. Or at all. I guess that might have been around four months ago. Didn't notice at first."

Which seems to eliminate the hopeful but unlikely theory that Aglaya finally decided to try for redemption, and wanted to find Kai to bring her in. A willingness to accept more Geases doesn't bode well, and how many other Lilim might she owe by now? "Outside pressure," I say. "But what type, and if it's knowing or only threatening to..."

"You've lost me," says Nosha. "With more words, this time?"

"Ah. Obviously, Aglaya changed tactics. None of her personal motivations would lend themselves well to the evidence. Which suggests the change came from outside pressure. We don't have enough information to tell if this is a matter of someone who knows what she's done blackmailing her, or that she's trying to form some sort of defense against incipient discovery. She's not so stupid as to take out Geases quickly unless she's very worried and pressed for time."

"Or unless it doesn't matter," Yoshiko says softly. "If she's already so deeply in debt she doesn't believe more Geases will make any difference. If she doesn't expect to survive."

"While Kai does run through demons' vessels even faster than his own, she doesn't have much to fear from that quarter," I say. "Coercion or threats would have to be coming from the Horde. But this will work very differently if she's dealing with immediate blackmail than if she only suspects it may be coming."

Yoshiko looks up. "Tell me," she says, "this angel Amy's currently running about with. If demons came after her, what would he do?"

One charming little Impudite playing redemption bait at him, and Kai would defend her against all the armies of Hell. Or try. "I need to make a call," I say, and I'm out the front door before anyone inside can protest.

In the empty hallway, there's a window at the end letting in light from the streetlights. I stay out of its direct line of view from outside (haven't had to worry about snipers in years, and still I remember that much) and call Kai.

No answer. Which can mean... any number of things, not least of which being that he's busy right now and can't get the phone. I drop two notes of Essence into my most useful Song, and discover that at least he's still in the right direction, about the right distance. Not in Trauma.

Now. Do I intend to be reasonable, cautious, and follow the most suitable course of action? Or will I let my emotions get in the way of what I ought to do?

Who am I kidding? If I let caution and reason get in the way of my personal attachments, I wouldn't be Bright.

I walk back into the apartment, shut the door firmly behind me. "He's not answering. Still on the corporeal, but... I don't know."

Yoshiko hides her expression behind her cup of tea. "They let you keep a hook on an angel?"

"Only the one. I like to know where he is." I could ascend to my Heart now, get a loan of Essence to refill what I've used from someone in the office, and... jump down a Tether hours from his current location, waste far too much time tracking him down, and give Zif headaches. This is the sort of plan where, if a subordinate had presented it to me a few years ago, I would have shot them to make a point. "Zif--"

"No," she says. "He has his own Cherub to watch for him. You're working on guesswork. There's no clear reason to believe he might be in danger." Her mouth twitches. "In more danger than usual."

"And I'd like to keep it that way!"

The pounding starts up on the apartment door again, and if I had a gun at hand right now, I would shoot whoever's on the other side of the door. "Yoshi! Come on, Yoshi, open up, you've been in there for like a whole day now, and I need that data--"

The Lilim stands up, stalks over to the door, slides on the latch-chain, and then opens it no wider than the chain will allow. "Jeff, go away. I'll get you the data by Monday like I said I would. Is today Monday? No."

"But it's Sunday night, and I need to have looked over it on Monday morning for the meeting--"

"Then you should have asked to have it by Sunday. You didn't. I have other priorities." She tries to push the door closed, but the Impudite shoves his foot in. "Jeff--"

"Come on, I can owe you more, but I need this data."

"It's not ready." She's not so good an actor as some, and I wonder how much of her rising panic Jeff is picking up on. "Just -- look, come back in two hours and I can get it ready, okay? But I'm busy right now."

"What's going on, Yoshi?"

"Nothing!" She kicks his foot away, slams the door shut, and locks it. "Idiot."

The pounding doesn't resume, and Yoshiko's shoulders slump. "Right," she says. "This is over my head, I'm in trouble no matter which way I turn, and you're in a hurry. Let's make a deal."

"You're not in much of a position to deal," I say. And there are a few Judges who will want to have long serious talks with me if I voluntarily take a Geas from a demon.

"And you, dear child of my Mother, are in a hurry. Here's an offer. I'll help you rescue your wayward Ofanite if you'll help me rescue my insane Impudite. Does that sound fair? I'll drop every Geas but one worth an hour on Aglaya once it's settled."

The temptation exists. But I shake my head. "You can't do much more to help me at this point, and I won't lock myself into trying to save an Impudite with a death wish."

"Then let me come along. I can get Amy out of the way of whatever you need to do, she'll be out of your plans."

"You can't take a shortcut through an angelic Tether, even if we were willing to--"

The door splinters as something heavy hits from the other side, and both of us jump. "Trouble," says Nosha, reaching into her bulky pink jacket for a sharp knife. "Yoshiko, do people often break down your door?"

"No..." She backs away to stand beside me as the door shudders and acquires another crack. "They couldn't just knock?"

"It's rather like knocking," Nosha says. "Only knocking very hard." She's found two knives, and isn't bothering to play at cute any longer.

Zif steps in front of me, and the door breaks open.

The fashionably-dressed young man in the back must be Jeff; he has the look of someone who spends time coaxing and whining. One of Nosha's knives sprouts from his right eye, and he falls back, squealing. The heavyset woman in front of him I'd read as Djinn, and I would be more concerned about seeing her there if Zif weren't already stepping in for a quick touch and a great deal of electricity.

I'm feeling superfluous here. "Stay," I tell Yoshiko, and then I move forward to lend Zif a hand. The Djinn obviously wasn't expecting two angels with Jean's Generator attunement to come at her; she fumbles in the momentary blindness, and I throw enough Essence into my own surge of electricity to drop her to the floor.

Nosha scrambles past me, disappears somewhere into the hall, while Zif pulls out a silenced gun to put three bullets into the Djinn's head. There's down, and then there's staying down, and my Cherub has never been the sort to trust down.

"Apparently he really needed that data by Monday," I say, and turn back to Yoshiko. Who's standing there trembling. "I don't suppose you know of any convenient nearby locations to dump a body?"

"They saw you here--"

"And promptly ended up in Trauma, yes. We have at least a day, probably two or three, before this becomes a problem. Unless they told people where they were going. Any idea why Jeff the useless Impudite would have a Djinn with him?"

"It's his... um. Mentor. Oh. They're going to kill me, I just know it, they saw you..."

"That's not my problem, Sister, and you're not giving me any reason to make it my problem." I examine the shattered remains of the door. "Even if your neighbors are so uncurious as to not investigate this noise, we've lost anything one might call privacy. Time to relocate."

Nosha reappears in the doorway, knives bloody. "Problem. He jumped back to his Heart before I could finish him."

"...time to relocate quickly," I amend.

"They're going to kill me," Yoshiko whimpers, and I don't have the time to coax her along now. I turn to look her in the eyes.

"Sister. I offered you a choice earlier. Choose now. Drop your Geases and wait here, break your Heart and follow us, or die. What do you want?"

"That's no choice!"

"It's as much of one as our Mother gave us. Make up your mind now, or I swear I'll make it up for you."

I wonder what she sees in my eyes.

Sharon balanced on one foot, on the topmost twig of a tree in the Groves. It would have been easier to ignore gravity entirely and float upward, but the novelty of standing on twigs outweighed the novelty of flying, at least for the moment. Besides, if she went too high up the wind became too difficult to manage.

A reliever broke through the leaves beside her, clutching a tiny glowing stone and giggling madly. "Do me a favor," Sharon said, before it could get any further. "Deliver a message for me?"

"Sure!" The reliever dropped the stone into her waiting hands. "Who where why what? Hurry hurry rush!"

"Jaasau, Ofanite of the Wind. Tell it that Sharon wants to speak with it."

"That's it?"

"That's it."

She smiled to see it spin away into the winds above, let itself be tossed here and there as the gusts took it. Switched to her other foot to wait, and soon enough a Cherub, its form that of a winged dog, scrambled up through the leaves beside her. It wore the official harness of a Judge on duty in a triad, and seemed... concerned. "Pardon me," said the Cherub, "but have you seen--"

"Someone with your recording crystal? Funny you should ask." Sharon passed it the little rock. "Spot-checks on Windies?"

"...yes." The Cherub worked the crystal back into its slot. "And I was watching the one we were interviewing very closely in case it should try anything--"

"And completely missed the reliever."

"...yes."

"It happens." She sat cross-legged on the top leaves of the tree. "It's amazing how many times people will set up their security to notice and catch the big scary obvious dangers and miss something... smaller. Or simpler."

The Cherub cocked one ear in her direction. "You served the Wind, back on Earth?"

"For a while. Not very long. There was something appropriate about being done in by a human, after dodging undead and demons and what have you."

"You do Heaven a great service, to serve and die knowing the dangers that face you."

"And I'm hoping to do so again. But I bet you need to get back to your triad."

"I ought," said the Cherub, and its tone implied this wasn't its favorite course of action. But it turned and climbed awkwardly back down through the tree.

Sharon leaned back, hands behind her head, and watched the interplay in the sky above. Maybe later it would be time to join in the games of tag, but for now she was waiting.

A group of four relievers tumbled by her, giggling to each other, and she waved them over. "Could you deliver a message for me?"

"Sure!" said one of them, doing loops in front of her. "I can do it!"

"But I could do it," said another. "And faster."

"How about you all deliver the message for me? That way I can be really sure it gets there."

The relievers didn't even pause to consider. "Sounds like fun! We could each take a part--"

"--or we could each say the whole thing--"

"--or we could all say it together--"

"However you want, kids. Go tell Jaasau, Ofanite of the Wind, that Sharon wants to speak with it, okay?"

"Oh, I know where to find it!" cried one of the relievers, and it flew away, the other three trailing along behind.

After a few more minutes, watching alone became boring, and so Sharon turned to other amusements. All those times when they'd needed to lie low in some safe house for a few days, and Kai'd been going nearly mad with the limits on space, or she'd been going mad with watching the Ofanite pace, they'd worked out lessons. She had all the talent for ballet, as Kai put it (but too nicely to mind), that the average duck had for bicycling, but she wasn't trying for grace, only... movement.

Sharon danced across the top of the tree, and spun her arms around her.

"What's that?" asked a small reliever, clinging to a branch near her.

"Ballet," she said, and dropped back down to sit still again. "But I'm not much good at it. My type of dance usually involves arrows running up a screen. Could you take a message to someone for me?"

"Right! Who to?"

"Jaasau, Ofanite of the Wind."

"But it's right there," said the reliever, and pointed to an ever-spinning wheel of fire not far above, and coming closer. "What do you want to tell it?"

"I think," Sharon said, "you can just tell it that I'm here."

"Okay!"

Sharon stood still, and bowed politely as the Ofanite settled down in front of her. All its interior rings continued to spin, interlocking loops whirling at a dozen different speeds. "Thanks for coming," she said.

"I could hardly not," said the Ofanite. "Considering that I can't go five minutes without another reliever arriving with your message. Or another pack of relievers. I admire your focus. How may I help you?"

"I need to get back to Earth. I worked for the Wind before, you know that I can handle the job description. You're in charge of arranging for Windy Saints to head back--"

"Sharon, you did marvelously as a Soldier, but Saints handle different types of work. Besides," added the Ofanite kindly, "you've barely arrived. In another few months, once you've had longer to adjust, we can look into it again."

"You're just not letting me go back because of Jack," Sharon said.

"That is a factor, yes. The danger's too great."

"I can handle the peril," Sharon muttered. Sighed. "Fine. How about this? Let me go back to Earth, but only temporarily. I can talk with my mother, work things out, then we turn over my life story to some Windy who needs a serious Role, and I come back here. Think about it. It's as complete a Role as you're ever going to find, because I did all the boring parts for you. And it's a Role that covers running around the country breaking into buildings and shooting things that need shooting. Besides, if Jack..." She took a deep breath. "If Jack notices, and thinks it's me back on Earth, you'll have a chance to grab him and drag him back to a place where his friends can pound some sense into him again."

"Tempting," said the Ofanite, and its flames burned higher, sending off faint red sparks into the sky. "But Saints aren't put on Earth for short-term assignments like that."

"Jaasau, are you telling me that the Wind is going to turn down a valuable resource on account of tradition and what's usually done?"

The Ofanite laughed. It wasn't like the sound of any human laugh she'd ever heard, but it made her smile. "You are persistent. I'll present the idea to my Lord Janus, and see what we can do. No promises, mind, but I like the way you think. If this does work out, you'll go on the list for returning to Earth later."

"Thank you," she said.

"You're quite welcome. But the next time you need to get my attention... One reliever, please."

"And you'll come?"

"With all due haste, believe me." The Ofanite spun away into the sky again, a trail of sparks crackling behind.

She climbed back down the tree, and set off for the Halls of Progress.

Sharon found Teresa in her office, working on something that required three monitors and a box full of flashing lights. "I'm busy," the Mercurian snapped, and then blinked. "Sharon. Do come in. Sit down..." She waved vaguely around the office. "Somewhere that you can find the space. What can I help you with?"

"Is Mannie back? I want to see how that project is going, and he's easier to badger information out of than Gariel is." There didn't seem to be anything chair-like in the office that wasn't covered in delicate-looking machinery, and the floor was strewn with items of dubious durability, so Sharon settled for leaning against the doorframe.

"If so, he hasn't told me. If you ask Maharang, though, it's sure to know. I believe one of its classes is about to let out, so if you head up to--" Teresa paused. "On second thought, it might be easier to camp outside Mannie's door until it shows up. The classroom isn't close."

"I'll do that," Sharon said. "Thanks for the help."

"Have you had a chance to find out what Jack's up to?"

Sharon already had her back turned, so it was easy to make her voice light. "Yeah, I tracked down some info. Thanks for pointing me in the right direction as to who to ask. Got some stuff worked out with the Windy in charge of their Saints program, too."

"If you'd like to talk about anything, let me know. I can adjust my schedule."

"Thanks. Maybe later."

The door to Mannie's office was closed, locked, and dark. Sharon picked the lock, flipped on the lights inside, and dropped down at his desk chair to wait. Using the chair that waited for visitors would have been more polite, but putting the Bright off-balance seemed to be the key to digging information out of him before his annoyance caught up with his surprise.

The computer asked for a password when she tapped at it, and all the papers on the desk were both too scientific for her tastes and written in an oddly condensed format, as if the writer hadn't included any words he considered obvious. Sharon leaned forward over the desk, found nothing more personal than an origami crane hidden behind a stack of books.

"Hey," she said, as the door clicked open. "I was wondering how long it would be." She spun around in circles on the chair. "I'm surprised they didn't give you a bigger office. I mean, not that this is cramped or anything, but it doesn't even have a window."

"I prefer not to have a window," Mannie said, and plucked the crane out of her hand. "What do you want?"

"Info, the usual stuff. Hey, was that one that Kai made for you? Because I know she -- he, I guess, in the current vessel -- used to make those whenever he was bored. Set down a newspaper, leave him alone for an hour, come back and find a flock."

"No," Mannie said, "he didn't make it." He set the crane back down in exactly the place it had been before. "Did you want something in particular, or are you only here to support the Word of the Wind by annoying me?"

Sharon pushed herself off his chair, and realized the moment had been lost. She'd have to learn to move faster, isn't that what the Ofanite always said? "So how's this thing with Kai going?" She bounced on her heels as he reclaimed the chair, until she remembered certain options and took to sitting cross-legged in the air. Far better than floating on a cloud with a harp. Not that she'd seen any harps since arriving, but they probably had a few tucked away somewhere, if only to make traditionalists feel at home.

"Differently than I'd expected."

"That's not much of an answer, Mannie."

"And that's not much of an appointment you made, Sharon. If you want details, schedule one." He turned his back to her, and she could see his wings tightly folded behind him, like blue wire compressed into two thick strands. "You could bother someone else in the meantime. Possibly Teresa. She likes humans."

"And you don't?"

"I have no doubt God has a place in his plan for everyone."

"That's not much more of an answer than before."

"See my previous explanation."

The little cat-door (except it was installed far too high for any mortal gravity-bound cat to reach) banged open, and the reliever frowned at her as it came in. "Boss," it said, "I checked the Heart, and there's nothing I can see to worry about there. I think it's just busy."

"Thank you, Maharang." Mannie held out a mug without turning around, and the reliever left with that in hand.

"So you are worried," Sharon said. "What's going on?"

"Nothing we can't deal with. I always worry. Don't you have anything better to do than stand around in my office annoying me?"

"Probably," Sharon said, and left the office. Didn't bother to close the door behind her, because someone as irritable as that needed more company anyway. On the way out, she passed the same reliever as before, carrying a mug of coffee.

"Hey, little fairy thing," she said. "Can you do me a favor?"

"Maharang, the name is Maharang," said the reliever. "And I'm a reliever! I mean, my name's only three syllables, it shouldn't be that hard to remember."

"Right," Sharon said. "I'm just wondering, because I'm a friend of Kai's, why's Mannie so worried?"

"Because Kai hasn't been answering its phone," the reliever said. "But I think everything's fine." It leaned forward to peer at her. "Are you okay? You look upset."

Sharon wanted to say, I'm fine, but there was no way to lie in the language of Heaven. So she only smiled, and shrugged. "Don't worry about it," she said. "I'll deal."

That much was true.

My phone zaps me right when I'm halfway up the tree, and much as I'd like to talk to Mannie, this is not a good time. Climbing trees comes easily, but wet bark and a paucity of low-hanging branches has made this climb more challenging than I expected. Which isn't to say that I'm having trouble, only that I need both hands, both feet, and I'm beginning to envy Cherubim whose celestial forms include prehensile tails. I wonder why humans never developed those? A third gripping limb would be an improvement over two, especially when you can use it for items behind you. Some time I ought to track down an angel who was around during that stretch of evolution and ask.

Neski-pigeon has flown up to perch in the top branches, and coos at me as I finally achieve altitude. "Easy for you to say. You have wings." I take out the loop I made of leash and extra rope, and wait... as impatiently as I ever wait, really.

Theo's reasonable enough to not try to keep me out of this. He couldn't, with at least three demons patrolling the grounds and Aglaya as reliable as a distracted Ofanite of the Wind.

If Jack and Sharon were here right now, I wouldn't be worried at all.

We know the demons are here, and approximately what they are. They know we're in the area, and can guess at what we might be. But we don't know if they know that we know what they are, or if they know that we don't know whether or not they know what we are...

This extra Force is just making my head hurt. I used to never think about these things.

In any case, we're taking things one step at a time, and the current step is clear. I've only carved the first two lines of A Midsummer Night's Dream into the branch I'm sitting on when I hear the rumble of disturbance. That would be Theo going celestial. Next rumble, louder as it builds on the first, ascending to his Heart. Third wave... Returning with the toy he was able to requisition. The demons would have to be mind-blind not to hear that.

I'm two trees too far back in these woods to see the grounds of the center, the difficulty of doing so in the late evening aside. Wait wait wait, while Neski-pigeon makes happy little pigeon sounds to itself, or possibly to me.

A dog barks twice, and now I'm ready.

I see the Malakite first, bounding across the damp ground with her tail wagging, as if she's playing. I suppose she is; the demon who follows is human-vesseled, and consequently has a lot more trouble making his way through the undergrowth after her. Duchess disappears into the bushes past my tree. The demon moves forward carefully, scanning the area for a trap, weapon out and ready.

Doesn't look up, though.

I drop the loop around his head, and kick off the branch backwards. I slide down towards the ground, rope in my hands, and the loop pulls tight, yanks him up, up, into the trees. The way he's shouting suggests I didn't break his neck or crush his throat, my vessel's not heavy enough compared to his, but he's certainly distracted. I catch my fall on the lowest branch, leaving me with a view of his back.

The demon's vessel is a heavier than mine, which makes for awkwardness until I get the rope tied down. By which point his neck is bloody from the way he's clawing at it. Not one of the Calabim, or he'd already be free. And his gun isn't so great for shooting off a rope.

Finishing off someone who's dangling by his neck from a branch, caught all around by other branches so that he can't even twist back to get at me, is so easy I nearly feel guilty. But then, Servitor of Belial. Only nearly.

Neski-pigeon makes a startled noise, and swoops down past me. I drop to the ground, leave the mess in the trees for later clean-up. "Trouble?" One coo means a yes, so I pound away after the Kyrio, doing better than that demon did in navigating the woods. And where's Duchess gone now?

Skidding through a patch of wet leaves, I can barely keep my balance, and that's saying something. But there's the Malakite, hobbling on three legs, muzzle painted red with blood. Not all the demon's, I think, because he's still standing, even if his pants are shredded by teeth. "Burn," he says, with a nasty grin for me, and, right, this would be one of the Calabim, because damn that hurts, like my vessel is trying to pull itself to pieces and take me with it.

I'm not about to let a little pain and bleeding get in the way of my job.

Distinct advantage to having a taller (and consequently heavier) vessel than usual: momentum. We're about evenly matched in build, so when I hit him full speed, he loses his footing and goes down. Good. Can't dodge his resonance, so there's no point in keeping things upright where I can put my speed up against his and laugh. Taste of iron in my mouth, but I have... what do I have? Pockets, time to check the pockets, I have a pen with the name of the hotel on it, convenient that they give out free pens to anyone who'd want one. I spin that out into my right hand, aim for his right eye. Miss, or at least hit where it used to be while he jerks away.

--ow. Tree, meet head. Stronger than I expected. I still have my pen in hand, that's something, but I'm a few yards away from him, and Duchess yips, crumples while I'm still getting back to my feet. My left ankle isn't happy about the standing thing, but it'll deal, no time to worry about little issues like broken bones. I'm not sure if the Malakite's unconscious, or doesn't have a backup vessel, but right now it's just the two of us.

"Nice try," says the Calabite, and that's another slam of his resonance, this is starting to get old (and coughing up blood can't be a good sign), "but I'd be more impressed if you had an actual weapon." There's a bulge under his coat that he isn't bothering to reach for.

"You think so?" Feet are working, that ankle doesn't agree but legs are working, and I'm standing again. He can throw me that hard from nearly no leverage? I'm going to be in trouble if I get in close, no matter how fast I am. And he can keep on hitting me with his resonance so long as I'm in range unless I fight it off. Must remember to send a nice thank you note to the Boss about giving me a tough vessel for once, or I wouldn't be standing right now.

"They shouldn't send kids against the real fighters," the Calabite says, and laughs. "What say we take this to some place more serious? Not like you're holding out well down here. Want to try your hand at it in the celestial?"

This is probably a bad idea, but my shirt's soaked in blood and I can't taste anything but sharp iron in my mouth. "Sounds like my type of game," I say, and drop my vessel.

"An Ofanite? Even more fun." A blur as his vessel disappears, and now he's a shadowy version of that same form, bat-winged and with that smirk on his face. "Let's play."

I have a fondness for vessels; you can do such marvelous things with hands, feet, faces. But in celestial form I'm pure speed and fire, an endless ring spinning as wildly as I want, and he's only a poor imitation of a vessel with a popgun power. I spin at him, and he grins, holds up one hand. "Burn, baby, burn," he says--

--and twitches as I slam it right back at him. One arm shakes, turns mottled all along the length as his resonance rips at him instead. I'm told I can be bloody-minded and stubborn at times. I like to think of it as force of character. Either way, I'm having none of that in this realm.

"My playground," I say, and stretch out with a razor-keen arc of fire to slash at him, all my ring turned sharp around me. "Thanks for the invite."

All his curses are in Helltongue, and for once I can enjoy hearing that, because I'm holding my ground. Sure, he can do a quick dodge here and there around my ring as I rush at him, but it's not going to last. And then he pulls his vessel back around himself, nothing more than a bloodied man standing in the forest.

"Now I'm kinda disappointed," I say, idly encircling him. Not like we can hurt each other this way. "You go and offer me a chance to fight the way I prefer, and now you're chickening out on me after a few lousy hits. Did your Prince run out of courage to add to the mix the day he stuck your Forces together?"

He opens his mouth, like he's going to say something cutting, but then half his head disappears with a fizzle-crackle from the very large gun Theo's carrying. Which effectively ends both conversation and fight right there.

I pull my vessel back on, and stagger. Ankle. Right. Can't forget about that. "Did you get--"

"The third one? Yes. The Domination and I were able to deal with that one, despite a few... setbacks." All Theo's right shoulder is a mass of burns, and most of his jacket has disappeared, leaving about half a jacket with black marks around the edges. "It seemed simpler to have Aglaya stay out of this, but perhaps I should have sent her to guard your back."

"Hey, no need for that. I'm fine." Except that walking isn't easy. "You look a mess, though. And Duchess could use some help." I sit down on the wet ground. "I could use a shower. You could use a shower and a new shirt and jacket. Somehow, these fights always seem to take longer than they really did. What time is it?" Late evening is sliding surely into night, and I can barely make out the form of the dog-vessel where it lies on the ground.

"Getting later," Theo says. He crouches down by the Malakite's vessel. "Looks like she's all the way down. Must not have had a spare vessel. How many times did the Calabite hit you?"

"Um. Two. Three? Maybe four. And then there was the bit where he threw me into a tree. I think my ankle's broken."

My Cherub sighs, and sings out healing at me. Not enough to mend all the places where I feel disconnected inside, but my ankle doesn't protest when I get back to my feet. "You were supposed to only deal with that one demon, unless called over."

"Neski got all anxious and left, so I followed." He sings out healing again, and I feel much less like my insides are trying to escape. "I take it that wasn't you calling?"

"I certainly didn't call for you, but it might have decided you were needed. In any case, it's time to get to the one behind all of this before he flees. Though we can use that if need be."

"After that comes the cover-up?" I pass him a few notes of Essence, everything I have left save one to call up my bike if I need it, and he sings his own shoulder back whole again.

"Yes. Then the real fun starts. I am not looking forward to examining every single patient in this center for signs of what the Vapulans have been up to." Theo slings an arm around my shoulder. "However, I know they won't send you in for a job like that, so with any luck I won't be involved either, and we can pass this all off to some nice Mercurian with a good solid medical Role."

"Sounds like a plan." I think I could use one more dose of healing, but I'm not about to ask for any when Theo's obviously so low on Essence. "For extra fun, see if we can leak this guy's unauthorized second set of experiments back to Technology. Don't think he's going to get much leeway on that now that it's becoming a failure. Assuming we can do that without giving them his data."

"I like the way you think." We're nearly to the car, and I can't see Aglaya, no doubt because she's staying carefully out of sight. "Potential benefit is reasonable, potential risk is low. And someone to carry it out, if she's up for the job."

"Aglaya?" I sit on the hood of the car while Theo puts the really big gun (and why don't they ever let me carry weapons like that? Okay, probably because I'd forget to shoot and hit people with it instead) away in the trunk. I wipe blood off my face with one hand. Definitely need a shower. Getting back into the hotel without raising eyebrows won't be easy in this state. I wonder if the Kyrio would be willing to come along and do quick jumps into anyone we meet in the hallways, to avoid questions. We can take the elevator straight up from the parking garage.

"I take it everything went well," she says, stepping out from the trees. The car's mostly hidden behind this particular line of pines, at least in the darkness. I can't make out her expression in the dark. "Kai? There's a call for you. From Jack. He asked for my phone number before he left..." She holds out her cell phone, a tiny blue light from the screen displaying a running call.

"I don't think--" Theo begins, but I'm already grabbing the phone.

"Just a few minutes, okay? We've cleared the area, I'll be right back." I head back the way we came before he can go into some explanation of why he thinks it's a bad idea for me to take this call. I want some privacy for this.

The call's still ticking away its time. Not sure how I want to deal with this. No time like the present to find out. "Jack?"

"Hey. How's it going?" Not quite the breezy tone I used to get on the other end of the line when he called me to propose some wacky scheme, but close. Maybe they told him Sharon's in Heaven. That should make him feel better.

"It's going fine. We're working through the last stages. If all goes well, I may be able to hit the road tomorrow morning." And what am I going to do then? Between Aglaya and Theo and whatever new job the Boss has for me, making sure we haven't left a complete mess behind... Depends on how Mannie's side of things have been going, and there's my phone zapping me again, but I'm already on the phone, and juggling two calls at once is too Kyrio for me. I'll call him and ask afterward. With any luck he got Aglaya free and clear enough that we can drag her off to a Tether to have some sense talked into her, and I don't care what Theo considers to be the practical solution, I'm not throwing her back to Hell. Her secrets won't last forever. "What's up?"

"I'm in a bit of trouble, Kai." The laugh that follows is downright nervous, which means Jack's seriously worried. He can maintain a cheerful facade when someone's stabbing him in the chest. "Think you can lend me a hand?"

"Of course. Where are you? What do you need?" I circle a single tree in the dark, fingertips brushing against the bark to keep me in place.

"Not too far from you, if all that noise was any indication. What were you -- no, on second thought, I'm not going to ask. Look, it's complicated. Can you meet me somewhere?"

"Sure, we're just finishing up here. If you tell me where to pick you up--"

"Kai, I really don't want that Cherub breathing down my neck. Much less having an Impudite along for the ride. I mean, you're my friend, but that Sparky doesn't know me from Adam, and do you think he's going to let the two of us chat? Assuming he doesn't call Judgment on me the instant I show up. Does he know you're talking to me? He might be calling them already."

He has a point. If Theo isn't happy about me talking with an Outcast, he's going to be an awful lot less happy at the idea of me meeting with one. "How long can you wait? We still have a stop to make."

"A few hours. I guess. I'm getting a little nervous, here, Kai, and I could use the help. I mean, assuming you're willing to help me out anymore."

"Of course I am." Quick review of the plan, and, unexpected incidents aside, I can ditch within an hour, though getting out of the way without Theo noticing will be... tricky. "You've dropped everything to come over and help me every time I've asked."

"I knew I could count on you. How about that park where we talked the first time I swung by? I'll wait there a few hours, if I can, and see if you show up."

"I'll be there if I can. Don't run off on me again, okay?"

"Wouldn't dream of it. Thanks."

The numbers on the little blue screen have stopped counting up. Phone call is over. And I ought to call Nomikos, let him know where Jack is right now so that he can step in and handle it, but... I can't. Not so long as there's a chance Jack might get hurt.

Nomikos would want me to call him in. Theo'd want to come along. Mannie... might understand. He gets what it means to owe someone for everything they've done for you, and I think he understands having people who you can't stop trying to help, no matter how stupid it might be.

I'm not going to call him and ask for his opinion, though. Because like as not he'd agree I owed Jack a dozen times over, ought to repay him, and then turn around and call Judgment himself the instant I was off the line. Mannie can get a little unreasonable about what he considers necessary for my safety. Got to wonder if he was behind getting a Cherub assigned. I'll ask him the next time I'm in Heaven and see if he tries to avoid the subject.

Back at the car, Theo and Aglaya are having one of their not-quite-staring matches, where they both stand around watching each other while trying not to look hostile, paranoid, or obsessive. I pass Aglaya's phone back to her. "Thanks."

And then I'm into the driver's seat and turning on the engine before anyone can think to ask what we said.

"So," I say, when we're on the road and I catch sight of Theo getting ready to ask questions, "is Neski taking care of the body clean-up back there?"

"I believe its precise words were, 'It would be my pleasure to dispose of them,'" Aglaya says. "I'd rather not consider the details of how too closely. It kept one Force in a mouse watching the demon who's been arranging things, and says he hasn't shown any sign of having received a message or heard the disturbance."

"All of the files are ready," Theo says. "We just get him out of there without leaving signs of a struggle that can't be concealed as signs of sudden flight. Having the Domination around to provide assistance in that investigation should help us avoid any problem from the mortals."

"Which crimes did you two decide on?" If I keep them talking about the job, they're not going to ask awkward questions. I may suck at lying, but I can manage misdirection when it's called for.

"Embezzlement. It covers paying off the director, both that murder and that of the other doctor, the sudden flight, and is the explanation least likely to cause the center long-term problems. We'll keep a close eye on it, and if the explanation falls through, we can call in someone from Trade to give all those financial transactions more verisimilitude." Theo rolls down his window a few inches. "We'll also need to keep an eye out for any attempts to reclaim the Role or otherwise sneak in more Vapulans. Whoever gets left here to work in the center will handle that part."

It takes the three of us -- four, if you count the mouse who does more watching than helping -- longer to get the back door open without any signs of breaking and entering than it would have taken Jack or Sharon alone, but Sparkies and Techies both have some general knowledge suitable for application to locks and security systems. We find the demon hunched over his computer in his bedroom. He doesn't even turn towards the little noise we make coming in before he's tranqed by Theo and dragged off by me for disposal.

It's almost too easy.

Forty-five minutes of file insertion, messy packing, and body-disposal later, we make our way back to the hotel room, Neski keeping anyone who'd boggle at two blood-covered men out of the way. (Aglaya hasn't got so much as a grass stain on her.) Theo's kind enough to let me call dibs on the shower. I make myself presentable and less bloody, then pass it over to him.

"Where are you going?" Aglaya asks, as I head for the door.

"Coffee."

"Try again. You're a lousy liar."

I lean my head against the doorframe. "Going to go find Jack and give him a hand."

"That's what he called about?"

"Yeah. I can't turn him down, here. Just... tell Theo I went out for coffee if he asks, okay? I don't want him to freak over something like this. I won't be gone long."

"Don't go."

"Why not?" The longer I continue this conversation, the better chance Theo will finish showering, show up in this room, and then things get awkward.

"Please. Don't go. Stay here, forget about it, let him go find his own damnation without dragging you along."

"I'm not going to give up on a friend."

"You should."

I pull the door open. "You wouldn't understand." I don't slam the door behind me, Theo might hear, but I settle for disgruntled stomping down the corridor. I'm not about to let down a friend, and Jack wouldn't hurt me. I'll get him the help he needs, make sure he's pointed back in the right direction, and then come back and apologize to Theo for ditching, assuming I'm even gone long enough for him to worry.

Two blocks away from the hotel, I find a convenient alley to call up my bike, and then it's full-speed off to that distant park.

When the wind rushes past me in the dark, I can nearly comprehend what Jack and Sharon serve. That sort of Word would need an Ofanite to ride it, be willing to move where all the vast churning atmosphere of this planet decided to take it. It's not my style, not where my Heart leads me, no matter what Jack would like, but it's beautiful.

At the park, I leave my bike at the curb; that's the last of my Essence, and I'm not about to wait for dawn to call it back up. There's a solitary shape waiting at one of the benches.

"Hey," I say, and sit down beside him.

"I was starting to wonder if you'd come." His voice is more teasing than reproachful.

"Oh ye of little faith. It's been less than two hours since you called. So what's the problem?"

"The problem, Kai, is that I have an entire triad on my heels, and much as I can keep dodging them as long as I need to, that doesn't seem like a long-term winning strategy to me."

"A whole triad?" Nomikos didn't say anything about that. I figured he'd show up in person to talk with Jack, haul him back to a Tether if need be. "You ought to go tell them--"

"I don't think they want to talk, Kai," Jack says, and now there's nothing happy in that voice. "Or at least that's the impression I got when we ran into each other. Wasn't a whole lot of conversation happening from their end."

Nomikos wouldn't -- no, he very well would, if he thought it was necessary. Like the ground's sliding away from beneath my feet, even as I'm sitting down. "How can I help?"

"Talk to them. Let them know -- I don't know. Something. You're good with Judgment, they'll listen to you. The way Judges keep falling for you, they might give me a chance to explain before the smiting starts." Jack laughs shortly. "And if you could spare any Essence... I haven't been getting it at dawn very often. Dissonance has such entertaining side-effects."

"I'm already tapped out. Sorry. It's been a busy night."

"Don't worry about it, then." Jack stands up. "Come on. I'll get you pointed in the right direction."

I can remember nights like this before, walking through some half-deserted place in the dark, working out how we were going to tackle the next challenge, or just working out what we wanted our next challenge to be. Except Sharon ought to be here, and Nip, or Kelly glaring about for signs of dishonorable deeds. It's never been just Jack and me, not since we were relievers; always Jack and me and other Windies. He doesn't have the sort of personality that travels alone well. Maybe once he's back in his Archangel's good graces, all his dissonance worked off and this mess cleaned up, we could work something out. Jean and Janus don't have anything against each other, and it's not like I don't sort of cause chaos just in the process of doing my job. If I keep him close, I could make sure he didn't need to take on any dissonance, and... I don't know. Wild idea. Maybe it would work.

"Remember when I used to crash at your apartment every month or so?" Jack asks.

"You say that like it was forever ago, not two years and change. Of course I remember. I also remember when you'd drag in other Windies, and I had to hide things to keep them from being destroyed or going missing, not that hiding them helped. Like with that one Elohite with the lighter--"

"Yeah, well, it seems like a long time ago." Jack shrugs. "Don't know. Just thinking about how it used to work. Knowing where you were, and that you'd always be there when I came back around again. And now you're always moving, I've been moving... We barely ever catch up with each other."

"That's the way the jobs work out."

"Maybe so. Or maybe if you're going to keep moving, I ought to find a way to settle down."

That's enough to stop me short. "Jack, are you telling me you'd try to change service? After all this time?"

"People change, Kai. And you've jumped Superiors yourself, so you're hardly one to point fingers, here." There's some relief that he doesn't have any of that anger to his words that I've been hearing lately. Perfectly calm.

"That's different. I'm just in service to Jean, not... part of Lightning. And your Boss is still -- well. Around." Not a conversational direction I want to go. "But why? You've always loved working for the Wind."

"Like I said. People change. You think what's been happening to me of late isn't enough sign of that?" He keeps walking, so I follow beside him. Don't like what I'm hearing, but it does make an unpleasant kind of sense. "If I could keep a closer eye on you, that's a reason right there."

"I don't think petitioning to change Superiors would solve your problems, Jack. And I'm not worth making that kind of decision over." I can't imagine being anything other than a child of Eli; working a temp job for Jean is one thing, but changing that would be like trying to change my Choir. It's part of who I am.

"You think so? I'd go a long way for you. Maybe I just made a bad decision in the first place. You wanted me to join Eli back before I fledged, and I was the one who decided to follow the Wind instead. So we all make choices, and sometimes we make stupid choices. Isn't it only fair that we'd get a chance to correct them?"

"Maybe. I don't know. Some choices are for good. It's not like someone who fledged Seraph can change her mind and say, wait, I really wanted to be a Cherub instead." All the conversation is nitpicking at my mind, making me restless. Like I want to run somewhere, not settle for this walking to whichever destination and a disgruntled, over-reacting triad to talk down into reason. "Why bring this up now?"

"I've been thinking of late. That's all." We're at a near-empty parking lot, and a car pulls in, headlights making me blink. Jack puts a hand on my shoulder. "Kai, I need your help, here. Just get in the car with me and listen for a while, okay?"

There's something strange in his voice, I don't know what, but he's my friend. Of course I'm going to give him whatever help he needs.

Two people in the front of the car, one in the back. I slide into the center of the back seat, Jack climbs in beside me, and then we're off. Too slow for my tastes, but they haven't offered to let me drive. Front right is tall, thin, looks to be a Seraph; I can't place the woman who's driving.

The man in the back seat takes my hand for a moment. "And you must be Kai," he says.

"Yeah. Um. Jack?" There's something weird going on here.

"Don't worry about it," Jack says, one arm over my shoulders. "We're just going to head someplace private to talk."

I know there's something wrong. But if he says not to worry, I won't. Much. But these don't look like Windies, and he said the triad was trying to hurt him, but these three aren't acting like that at all, more like they know him. And they knew who I was when I got in the car. "Jack--"

"Like he said," says the woman driving, "don't worry about it." She catches my eyes in the rear-view mirror, and laughs. "Really. Everything's fine." I catch a mild rumble of disturbance, wonder what she's pushing Essence into. Driving hardly requires it right now, but maybe she's sending a message to someone.

And she's right. I can feel it, washing over me.

Everything is just fine.

Theo considered the long term, as he dressed. It was all very well to focus on immediate problems when they were immediate, but the Boss wasn't the sort to assign a Cherub for a short-term assignment, infernal influences lingering in the next room or not. The possibility did exist that they'd finish up the job, hand over the less tidy details to another, and then have the attunement amicably and safely broken, up in Heaven. He would not quibble if this was decided for him. However, it seemed more likely that this Ofanite would be his responsibility for the foreseeable future.

Which would take some adjustment.

Having an angel for an attuned was always a mixed blessing. On the one hand, they knew exactly what his responsibilities towards them were, and could take care of themselves better than humans or inanimate objects. On the other hand, angels were prone to throwing themselves into danger, or simply wandering into it out of sheer curiosity. (This was, he admitted to himself, more a trait of Sparkies in particular than angels in general.) Inanimate objects stayed where they were put, and humans usually had enough sense to run away from lethal events.

Theo reached for his jacket, found it was still in burnt tatters. One of the hazards of corporeal duty that they seldom mentioned in the reliever classes was how quickly one went through clothing. And he'd liked that jacket. Perhaps it was time to ask one of the more textile-oriented Creationers in service to Lightning to make him another one, with more armoring. Or fire-proofing.

There was no one in the first room, and only the Impudite hunched over stacks of folders in the other. "He went out to get coffee," she said, before he could ask. "And some space, I think."

All the Symphony would tell him was direction, and the lack of additional information made him uneasy. "Did he say where? Or how long he'd be?"

"I'm not his keeper, Guardian. You are." She flipped a piece of paper over. "Though if you'd like to go track him down and breath down his neck some more, don't let me stop you."

The door called to him, but he hesitated. "If I leave now, you're not going to be here when I get back, are you? This job is done, and you're not about to risk Kai dragging you to a Tether for what he thinks is your own good."

"Maybe." She stared at the sheet of paper in her hands. "And would you not drag me back to a Tether yourself?"

"Why waste time and resources on that, when we both know you have no intention of redeeming?"

"And I'm more useful as an inside source for information. Even an untrustworthy one." She laughed bitterly. "It's no loss on your part if anything happens to me. Yes, I understand that sort of pragmatism. Would you rather I be gone when you return, then?"

"Do whatever you intended. I don't expect my requests would make a difference."

"Not yours, no," she said. "Good luck tracking down your Ofanite."

Her hands trembled slightly, as she picked up another sheet of paper.

Theo pulled a chair out from the desk, pushed it over towards the bed. Sat down with his arms folded across the back. "Aglaya?"

"Yes?" She didn't look up.

"The Domination has been hiding enough bodies of late that one more won't bother it. If you tell me what's going on, in enough detail that I'm satisfied, I'll let you walk out of here alive. Give me partial truths, I'll probably only kill your vessel."

"What makes you think I know anything about what's going on?"

He'd been careful to note where she kept her cute little VapuTech toy, and which hand she used to reach for it. Theo broke her arm, put one hand over her mouth. "I'm not stupid," he said, "and unlike Kai, I don't think you're trying to help us. I think you're playing another one of your games. Which I can tolerate up until they start fucking with my attuned. So let's cut through the protestations of innocence and get to the part where you tell me what's going on."

When she nodded, he took the hand off her mouth. "So much for angels being nice," Aglaya said.

"Nice? I don't have to be nice. Mercurians, sometimes they do nice. All I have to be is holy. Right now I'm not seeing anything holy between you and death but the faint possibility that you know what's going on." He knocked the gun away from where it had fallen on the bed, letting it slide off onto the carpet. "Understood? Because if this isn't clear, I can start breaking more bones until you catch my drift."

"Extremely clear." Aglaya shivered beneath him. "Want to let me up so that we can talk about this in a civilized manner?"

"Mm. I'll take the chance." Theo hauled her off the bed and onto her feet by both wrists. "Start talking."

"He's gone to meet Jack," Aglaya said. "Asked me to tell you he was just out for coffee, so you wouldn't worry. And said that he expected to be back fairly soon."

"And?"

Aglaya swallowed. "Jack's not an Outcast. Not anymore."

Theo considered this. Adjusted his priorities and assumptions accordingly. "Where are they meeting?"

"I don't know. I didn't hear the conversation. Only what Kai told me when he was leaving." She offered him a sweet smile, as false as ever. "I told him not to go, but why would anyone listen to me?"

"Who's Jack working for now?"

"I don't know."

Theo broke her other wrist. It wasn't as messy as throwing her against the wall and risking bloodstains. "I don't believe you."

"I swear, I don't know!" She was afraid, and he felt a distant pity for the Mercurian she'd once been. Her file had been distressing to read, both from the disjointed, bewildered report filed by her Cherub, and for having a thousand ways to prevent such an event running through his head. But she wasn't the attuned of any Cherub now, only another demon standing between him and the one he needed to protect.

"You might be telling the truth," Theo said. "But I think I know when he Fell. The two of you had a certain amount of time alone. I would have heard if you'd jumped to Hell from that close by, so you must have sent him elsewhere. Who did you send him to?"

"Theft," Aglaya said. She wasn't trying to pull free from his grasp anymore, though she whimpered a little when he shifted his grip. "I thought -- I mean, it's so very much like the Wind, it seemed -- I wasn't trying to do that! I didn't know he was going to Fall!"

"Now that I'll believe," Theo said. He frowned down at her. "You're probably still lying to me, but I'm in a hurry. Seven Essence, and I'll heal you before I leave. Or I can kill your vessel now."

Impudites of Technology always had plenty of Essence, and she'd not been using any to help them. He sang her broken bones whole again, and left the room. Had his cell phone out before he hit the garage.

"Zephyr Consulting, how may I help you?" The operator's voice had a jaunty lilt.

"Theophylaktos, checking in. I have a potential emergency. Patch me through to upstairs? I need to get in touch with a Judge." Calling to a Tether wasn't so convenient as calling Heaven directly through Kai's phone, and at some point Theo would get a straight explanation about how the Ofanite had acquired such a rare reward.

"Patching. And, oh, they've put me on hold. This is going to take a few minutes, babe. Want to play a game while we wait?"

Theo got out a compass and protractor. "What part of 'emergency' did you not grasp?" He aligned himself to due north, noted the angle of the pull towards Kai.

"This is a hold from Judgment we're talking about. We're lucky they were convinced to install this system instead of requiring everything be done on parchment and word of mouth. You might be on hold a while. How about Trivial Pursuit? We can do that one over the phone."

He paced off ten meters, and measured the new angle. "I'll pass. What about if I only need to pass on a message, without receiving one back? How long do you think that would take?" The conversation was distracting enough that he had to pull out pen and paper to do the geometry, and frowned at the results. Too far away to be looking for coffee, or to be meeting nearby.

"Depends on how much of a stick they have up their -- oo, there's the light. Here you go!"

A whine of static on the other end, and a new voice said, in the language of Heaven, "Please state the nature of the emergency."

"Outcast Mercurian of the Wind, currently being pursued by, um, Nomikos, I believe the name was, has likely Fallen. His name is Jack--"

"Checking." He heard the slide of scales against each other. "Found. Confirmation of the Fall?"

"Not verified, but highly probable. He may be serving Theft now--"

"Incorrect." And an irritable hiss. "Though I do not know who. Information will be relayed. Other urgent details?"

"Yes, make sure your little hit squad doesn't hit my attuned while they're going after this guy. Kai, Ofanite of--"

"I know of that one. This will be relayed as well."

Theo paused, key in the ignition. "...you know Kai?"

"I have heard... stories." The Seraph's voice shaded into awkwardness. "Any other urgent information?"

"You have Jack's location?"

"It ought to be obtainable with current resources."

"I would appreciate coordination with the Servitors sent in to handle this problem. My phone number--"

"Already relayed. Hang up and wait for contact."

The line screeched at him, and then that chipper voice said, "Thank you for using Zephyr Consulting! For all your Heavenly calling needs, remember--"

Theo hung up.

Halfway to the destination he'd mapped out, the pull towards Kai veered sharply in another direction. Theo gritted his teeth, did a U-turn in the midst of light traffic to a chorus of screeching tires and angry honking, and pressed on in the new direction. Not Theft was good. Not Theft meant they'd stop running eventually. Probably. Unless it was only Jack and Kai, and that damn Mercurian (Impudite, damned Impudite) had talked his easily-swayed attuned into joining him on a wild cross-country adventure. It had happened once before.

Outside the city, he stopped to triangulate again, found Kai was gaining distance. Definitely not a good sign.

His phone rang. "Theo," he said, and pulled a map out to spread across the hood and plot against the current directions. They were traveling along a major road, that was still good...

"What sort of lock do you have on your attuned?" A crisp, professional voice. He could admire that, no matter what he thought of Judges.

"Directional only. I'm losing distance, but they may stop."

"We're reading similar results on the Outcast. You will meet with us before continuing."

So nice of them to ask. But he had more important things to consider than civility. "I'm currently to the west of--"

"Wait there. We ought to arrive shortly." And then the line went dead, before he could begin snarling at them about how they wanted him to wait while his attuned was moving away?

But rushing in would be... unwise. Jack knew Kai had a Cherub attached, and anyone that Impudite was now serving would know likewise. Tempting as the prospect was, charging ahead heedlessly would get him killed, and then who would protect Kai?

Five minutes didn't fit his definition of shortly. The car pulled over to the side of the road behind his, and he attempted to appear... polite. It wouldn't do to antagonize these angels when he needed them.

Though he couldn't resist saying, "I thought triads usually had three members."

"I'm not part of this triad," said the odd man out, though he was dressed much the same as the others. Crisply professional, taller than Theo, a shadowy shape in the space out of the headlights' direct beam. Easy to imagine the dark wings behind him. "Nomikos, Malakite of Judgment. I spoke with Kai earlier."

"Theophylaktos, let's get going." He sorted out the other three shapes, Seraph, Cherub, and... Ofanite? Not what he would have predicted, but few Judges who weren't of that Choir would be moving the way she was. Brisk pacing all around their car and his, one hand flipping something small and shiny. She gave him a quick, dismissive look as she passed, and there was a familiar manic urgency lurking in the back of her eyes.

"An assessment of the situation is necessary before we take action," said the Seraph.

"So let's assess from closer," Theo said. "Who's doing the tracking?" The other Cherub raised a hand. "Then I'll follow you. I can call you during the drive if the two signals diverge."

"Nomikos will accompany you," the Seraph said, and the triad returned to their car. Leaving him with a Malakite who, wonder of wonders, looked a touch... annoyed.

Theo pulled off onto the road behind the triad's car, didn't indulge in the petty urge to tailgate. "So what's your part in this game?" Theo asked, and was rewarded with a twitch in the Malakite's expression at the terminology. Later, he could chastise himself for taking out his frustration on someone who hadn't been part of its cause. For now, it was a small relief to poke.

"Keeping Kai out of the way if we need to kill Jack. Which seems likely. Our prior relationship may be of use in preventing the Wheel from doing anything... unwise."

"He's already run off to play with his supposedly-Outcast friend without telling me," Theo said. "When I catch up with him, I'm going to put him on a leash. And I thought attuning to a Kyriotate kept me spinning in a dozen directions."

"Be reassured," Nomikos said, "that you're not the first to have this problem. Kai is very responsible, but he has his own ideas about what being responsible means. Lending assistance to a friend has frequently taken priority over other duties."

"And by giving him another friend to choose from, you hope he won't do anything stupid." Theo pushed the accelerator further down. At least the Ofanite ahead of him had a sense of how fast one ought to go under these circumstances. "I admire Judgment's pragmatism. You realize my priorities aren't yours, though."

"Aren't they? Kai out of this situation, and Jack dead. In that order. These are my priorities as they were reassigned for me, once we heard from you." The Malakite smiled faintly. "I wonder if it's the Game that Kai's been caught by. I would like a chance to deal with them more directly than I could before."

"Do you really think it's the Game, who has him?" Theo reached with one hand into the back seat, pulled the map out. "Open that up for me, would you? My resonance says he's moving to the right, and I'd like to see if it's following an obvious curve."

Nomikos folded the map to their current location. "The highway continues straight for some distance. It seems they're taking a side road. Or at least, Kai is. Have you tried calling?"

"Not yet. If he has access to his phone, Kai can call me. And he hasn't. I'd rather not tip my hand to those around him just yet." Theo's hands tightened on the wheel. "If he doesn't have access to his phone... While I can make one appear next to him, that would let them know I'm worried."

"They'll assume that regardless," Nomikos said. "Surely they've planned for your arrival. Go ahead and call. It's a chance at more information."

Theo flipped open his phone. There was no number for Kai's phone in his address book. But being a Cherub of Lightning meant never worrying about knowing the number of one's attuned.

Several rings, and no response. Theo shook his head. "He's not answering. I could make a phone appear, but..."

"Do, please." Nomikos had his eyes closed, for whatever reasons a Judge had for anything he did.

One Essence into that, and on the second ring the line picked up. "Hi, Theo! I was wondering when you'd call. How's it going?" Jack's voice was sunny enough to slay vampires.

"I'd like to speak with Kai," Theo said, voice not as level as an Elohite would manage, but polite enough that he could admire his own restraint.

"I'm sorry, but he's a bit out of it at the moment. Maybe I can take a message?" There were faint noises in the background, nothing Theo could place, except maybe the sound of a car moving as heard from the inside. No other voices to give him more data. "And you don't need to worry about a thing, buddy. He's in good hands."

"Jack--"

"No, seriously. You're his Cherub, you should be able to tell. He's not in any danger, and I'm not going to let him be." All the playfulness gone, and it was somehow more awful to realize this new-Fallen demon thought he was telling the truth. "So relax, back off, and go take a vacation." The mockery was sliding back in. "You Sparkies work too hard, don't you? Never any time out for fun. You could go catch a movie. Something with plenty of explosions."

"I'm going to kill you," Theo said. "You do realize this."

"And hurt Kai's feelings? What kind of Cherub are you?" Jack laughed. "Look, it's been great talking, but I've got to go. Places to go, people to see, you understand how it is. Try to keep in touch when you have the time."

The line went dead, and it took a great amount of self control not to throw the phone at something. Or someone. Theo calmly put it away. "At this point," he said, "I don't care if she was lying or not. I am going to kill him."

"If who was lying?" Nomikos asked, and Theo was suddenly very glad it was a Malakite riding in the car with him, not a Seraph.

"An unreliable source," Theo said, "though unreliable information is frequently better than none. And how are you planning on approaching this situation? Charge in guns blazing, attempt to negotiate with them... ?"

"It depends on the circumstances," Nomikos said. "It isn't my decision. There are greater matters to consider than the fates of two celestials, and should those matters take precedence..." The Malakite spread his hands out flat on his knees. "But perhaps there will be no conflict of priorities, and we may simply remove the one and dispose of the other."

"It's never that simple," Theo said. "But either way, I only have one priority right now."

Nomikos closed his eyes. "That can be a blessing."

We seem to have reached, as Mannie would put it, an impasse, and this isn't something I'm used to.

Three people in a room. Simple enough. Door's locked. Jack could pick the lock, and I could break through if it came to that. I don't think the Djinn has a key, but he doesn't seem to care.

What makes this complicated is that neither of them want to hurt me, I don't want to hurt Jack, and the Djinn is standing in front of the door.

It's just an office. Boring little office. A thousand things I could fight with, but every time I jump the Djinn -- well, they can't hurt me, but they can hold me down, and I can't hurt Jack--

Life is less complicated when I'm up against enemies, not friends.

"I take it the warm fuzzies wore off," Jack says. I'm on my seventh circuit around the desk. He's sitting in a chair off to the side, watching me. I don't know how to read his face anymore.

"Yeah," I say. "And thanks so much for that particular dose of happiness." Like having my head wrapped in a blanket, and I'm reminded of when friends in earlier decades convinced me to try their favorite drugs. So not my style, no matter what the stereotypes about Dad's kids are.

"Didn't want you getting hurt," Jack said, "and I knew you'd freak the moment you realized what was going on."

I pick up a paperweight on the next round, and watch the Djinn. Who's watching me, ever and always eyes on me. And I thought Theo got clingy. This demon's still bleeding from the last time I hit him before Jack pulled me off. Doesn't seem to care. How typical for his Band. I could attack him again, but Jack would jump me, and then -- not thinking about it. Some things I am not thinking about right now.

All the warm fuzzy feelings lifting, and I ran for the door, and found myself trying to hurt--

No. Not thinking about it.

"You know," I say, and drop the paperweight again, pick up a silver-plated pen, "if you didn't want me to get hurt, dragging me to a demonic Tether wasn't the best way to go about it. Just an FYI, there. Something to keep in mind the next time you get a bright idea about how to help out a friend."

"It was necessary." I wish he were more visibly changed. I wish he hated me. But he looks the same as always, and sounds the same as always, and all that seems to have changed is the company he keeps. "Like you're going to sit around and listen to me anywhere else? You'd call in Judgment and say it was for my own good. You'd even believe that, wouldn't you? You rival a Habbalite when it comes to deluding yourself, Kai."

"I do not--"

"Get over it, Kai." It sounds like we're heading for another argument. I can live with that. He snorts, and leans back in the chair. The way he used to at the desk in my apartment, feet propped on my keyboard and ready to convince me of something. "Let's start with the obvious one, okay? Your Archangel's ditched you and everyone else who ever worked for him, and you still manage to believe this is a good thing."

"Dad knows what he's doing. Who am I to start second-guessing my own Superior?" I swap the pen for a handful of paperclips, and turn off the lamp on the desk. "If it weren't important, he wouldn't spend so much time on it."

"Or maybe he's cracked. Or gone on a long vacation. Or doesn't care. How would you know?" Jack has a whole set of charming smiles, but he's not bothering to use them right now. "Let's not even start on what you believe about Judgment--"

"They're doing their job." I still miss my old triad. Not the wild partying type, but ever reassuring. How much longer until Nomikos finds where Jack's gone? One Malakite shouldn't be walking into this alone, or even a Malakite and a Cherub. No way these people are letting me get out with a quick hit-and-run like the last time. Tethers have resources. Tethers are excellent places to invoke the Superior who owns the place... Oh, I am so not going to think about that. "Dad knew we needed someone to watch out for us while he was gone."

"Yeah, and Habbalah are really angels who serve God from within Hell. Kai, you are the only person who seriously believes Eli's all happy-fluffy about Dominic searching through Creationers for heresy. And they're awfully good at finding heresy, aren't they? Always something they can drag you in for, if they decide to do that."

"They're fair." I spin the light bulb out of the lamp on my next pass, set it down to roll around on the desk.

"They're vicious bastards who won't be happy until they're the only one calling the shots." Jack smirks. "You think they're not going to haul you in for a trial as soon as they find out who you've been talking? You are in serious trouble, if you go back."

"You say this like it's in doubt." Nomikos wouldn't hold it against me if he lost a vessel or two in hitting this place, but I'm not sure he will. No matter what he thinks of me, trying to storm an actual Tether is serious business, and prone to consequences. I don't know if his Superior will believe I'm worth that. "How long do I need to listen to you not making sense before you give up?"

"I'm not going to give up on you, Kai. I want you to come with me." He's sincere, and that's what hurts the most. "Your Archangel left you to the mercy of Judgment's whims, and the guy you're working for now? He'll let you put yourself at risk as often as he thinks it's necessary, and all so that he can keep humanity from getting any of the cool toys before he thinks it's time. Not the most noble goal to sacrifice yourself for. You could do better."

"I don't think working for the Game is up my alley, Jack." Never would have called it his, either. Theft, I could have believed that, for all his protestations that the Wind wasn't like them. "To begin with, can you imagine me wearing a tie?"

"I'm not working for the Game, Kai."

"Could have fooled me. What with this Tether being in an old courthouse and all." They can smack me down any way that I try to run, I have no doubt. Between the Habbalite and the Balseraph, the Djinn to track me and Jack who I can't do anything but run from, whoever the Seneschal of this place is, whatever Songs or artifacts they might have. Running is not an option. Staying is not an option. I twist paperclips into odd shapes between my fingers. Shiny new Ethereal Force, don't fail me now.

"Working with them at the moment, yes. It was necessary." I wonder what they've done to his head, in the days they've had him. He speaks like he's convinced of everything he's saying, and he probably is. I wonder when they'll get impatient and start Balseraphing my mind into goo. "I did it for you."

"And how is this my fault?"

"The Game doesn't forget anyone," he says. "They can be very patient. But they're giving me a chance to talk to you instead of running you through what they had planned originally. If you follow me, I can help you, Kai."

"So, let me see if I have this straight." I stuff bent paperclips back in my pocket, and yank open the top drawer of the desk. Scissors. Nice. I can do all sorts of things with scissors. Probably not the moment for arts and crafts. "You're trying to talk me into following you to Hell, joining up with whichever Prince you'll be serving, the whole nine yards. And this is supposed to be a good thing."

"If you don't, they'll just push you," Jack says. "They will break you, they can do it to anyone."

"Didn't do such a good job of it last time they had me." I slam the drawer shut, and slice a groove through the top of the desk with the scissors. It does worry me, how much I want to take things apart right now. I want to break something. I believe what I'm currently engaged in is suppressing reactions to what I've been presented with, at least if what Nosha explained to me is correct. I'll unsuppress and freak out later, when I have more space to do it in, and someone less brain-fried to listen to me.

"They weren't trying hard. That was nothing but a way to pull Mannie to them. Didn't work, so they're changing tactics."

"They keep coming back to that, don't they? What does Azzie have against Lilim that go Bright? No one spent so much time and attention on Hushi when she got out of Hell." I spin in place, to keep from kicking things. How can he think I'd consider this? What have they done to my best friend? "They think I'm the only reason he's still in Heaven? He has more incentive than that to stay Bright."

"But if you Fall," Jack says, and it's the first time we've hit it directly, "he would come to find you." He laughs. It's not a pretty sound. "It all comes back to that damn Lilim, doesn't it? You wouldn't be here if it weren't for him. And neither would I."

"You got yourself here." I kick the desk's chair across the room, and it hits the wall in a satisfying manner. "You could have waited. You could have let us take care of that."

"Maybe I was always meant to be here," Jack says. "Not like I was ever much of a Mercurian. It's a lot easier to be a Friend of Man when you're surrounded by blessed souls than down on Earth where you can find out how rotten they are."

"Meant to be here? Jack, no one is ever meant to be a demon. God doesn't work that way." On the other side of the room, I can kick the chair back to the opposite wall. One leg cracked. Absolutely pointless, but it does help me keep from doing anything... stupid. "So tell me, brand new Impudite, who are you going to be working for, if not for the Game? I don't think they're on the best of terms with Valefor, so Theft seems out."

"I wouldn't work for him," Jack says, tone as disgusted as it's ever been when someone compares Wind to Theft. "No, they're going to set up a transfer for me over to the War. I've been around long enough to be useful, and that's one Superior who understands sometimes humans do need killing."

"Baal. Interesting choice." On the third kick, a leg falls off the chair. Satisfying. "And, what, you expect me to follow you there?"

"I'm not the only one in the room with a violent streak, am I?" That jerks me to a stop, and Jack grins at me. "You'd fit in. And it's not like you can't follow orders, right? Worked that little issue out between the triad coming around every week to chisel you into submission and then taking to the service of the ultimate micromanager."

I toss the unscrewed light bulb into the air, watch it drop onto the carpet and roll around. "The Calabite lifestyle doesn't appeal. Too slow." I can imagine, for a moment, not knowing where I am, how to get anywhere, how to move, and it frightens me.

"I'm trying to help you. They will break you, no matter what you think now. Come with me, and we can stick together. Watch out for each other. Like we used to." He's lost all his smiles again. "I don't want them to hurt you, but if you don't come with me, I can't stop them. This is bigger than you or me."

"This is demons playing games," I say, and wedge two twisted paperclips into the socket of the lamp where the light bulb used to go. "There is always a choice. Even if they can force dissonance on me, I can convert it to Discord." I wonder if anyone is coming to save me, this time. I hope not. They're too well-prepared for my taste, and I don't want to put anyone else at risk.

All these resources, all this time and effort, spent on what? Trying to push me to a place I'll never go, for one more hook on Mannie. I begin to understand his paranoia. You can't reason with Hell, you can't appeal to the Game for sense, not once they've decided on something. Good thing I can be pretty stubborn too.

"What, you'd let them turn you into a puddle of Discord? I'm giving you an opportunity!"

I crumple sheets of paper from the desk into loose balls, and drop them onto the floor. One after another, in a little white pile of wasted tree pulp. "No, Jack, you're trying to convince me to change my very nature and fight against all of Heaven, so that you won't feel so lonely when you're surrounded by strangers. I'm an angel, in case you'd forgotten. That means I'm kinda against the whole Hell thing. Remember?" The lamp smashes when I throw it against the wall. Wood and pottery are indeed superior to plastic and metal, when it comes to filling out an office. "Which means, yes, I'd take Discord before letting myself Fall. Or let them rip me apart. Or anything else that's, as you put it, necessary. Because that's what angels do."

"I'm trying to help you," he says. Nearly a whisper. "What would it take? If you're not willing to do this for me, or even for yourself, what can I offer you?"

"Nothing," I say, and it's not quite true, but why should I give him one more lever against me?

"I'm not enough."

"No. You're not. No one person is." I wish this room had windows for me to break. "No one person should ever be. I'm a child of Eli, and I work for Jean, but even that shouldn't be where my ultimate loyalties lie. What part of 'angel' have you failed to grasp in all this time?"

"So what do you want?" I don't think he's even listening to me. "You want Mannie? They'll get him back eventually. Beat the rush and maybe you can lay a claim before he arrives. Aglaya? They already have her. Bet if you asked nicely they'd let you keep her. She didn't tell you about the part where she's been working for the Game, did she? I hope you haven't been stupid enough to believe anything she's told you."

That shouldn't hurt as much as it does.

But it does explain a lot.

"You really want to help me, don't you." In whatever twisted way he thinks is right, as if Falling would somehow be better than me dying. Demons are selfish enough to believe that. Better that he have me than that I be myself. I crouch down in the corner by the broken lamp and crumpled paper. "You're not even lying to me."

"We've been friends for as long as I've been alive," Jack says, and I don't want to think about him as a reliever right now, one more thing to add to the list of what I'm not thinking about. "Of course I want to protect you."

"It's funny," I say, though there's nothing funny about anything right now. "I'm not a Sparky. Don't have the temperament for it, or the education, or the IQ. But I've been hanging out with them for a while now. And Vapulans. You wouldn't believe how many Vapulans I've been talking to this last year or so. Talk to either group for long, you start picking up all sorts of interesting facts."

I turn the switch on the lamp, and watch the sparks buzz from the place where I wedged in those paperclips. He can't see it from where he's sitting, not yet.

"And?" Jack can't tell what it has to do with anything.

All the little heap of paper catching on fire. And the carpet starting to singe at the flying sparks. The lamp is still sending its flurry of electricity. He'll smell the burning, soon, not to mention the disturbance. "So it rubs off on a guy, that's what." I stand up, walk back around the desk, and sit on the top. Two other people in the room, and they're both watching me. Not what they can't see behind the desk. "A little science can go a long way. There was this one Vapulan who told me about all sorts of interesting things you could do with your basic household appliance. I mean, granted, Shedite, and at the time it was trying to intimidate me with the explanations of what it could do to me, but... useful."

"So what's your point?"

I look over my shoulder. Proper flames now, and they're spreading. Quickly becoming too high to stamp out. Nothing's destroyed enough to rumble audibly through the Symphony, but soon. "I was going to ask you how you could do this to me. To Janus. To Sharon. But I don't think it's worth it. You have all your answers ready. So I'm giving up on that line of inquiry. Dropping the subject. Wait, let me be more accurate, I'm changing the topic."

"It's not as if--" Jack stops. I think he's just now smelled the smoke. That, and I can hear the encroaching rumble of the Symphony realizing a celestial has been tampering. Another few seconds, and he'll be able to see the flames. "What are you doing?"

"Being proactive." If he were an enemy, I'd smile at him right around now, but he's my oldest and best friend. It's all I can do not to cry. "You've been making some big decisions of late. Time to make another one. I leave it into your hands."

Jack's not so fast as I am, but speedy enough when there's a sign of trouble. He pulls me off the desk, I can hear the flames crackling behind me now. "What are you doing?"

"Asked that one already. How much do you want to bet they don't have a fire extinguisher anywhere in this office?" The Djinn's even looking concerned, though he's still standing in front of the door.

"That's -- fuck, Kai! Look at that!" Jack pulls me further back, and I let myself be maneuvered to the other side of the room. It's turning into a very pretty sight, carpet and broken chair crackling ever higher. Oh, and there goes the first edge of the desk, sparks setting all the papers there on fire. "Are you insane?"

His arm's wrapped around me as if he could protect me. Makes my chest tighten to think about this. "Too late to put it out with anything in here," I say, and lean back against him. Not going to have him much longer, I will take this comfort while I can. "Both of you probably have plenty of Essence, but we haven't hit dawn, so I don't have one. No way I can jump celestial." He's reassuring as a surface to lean on, as a friend to rely on. Illusions. "You can open that door, or I can lose another vessel. Not a fun way to go, but the Boss will understand."

The heat's growing. I pull away from him, take off my jacket, and toss it onto the burning desk. Nothing in those pockets that I care about, not since they confiscated my piccolo and my phone back in the car. The jacket lights up. Suppose I can't lend it to Aglaya any more. Not that it ever did her any good.

"You are. Entirely. Insane." Jack grabs my wrist, drags me over to the door, and... the entire argument with the Djinn is in Helltongue, I did not want to hear that from him. And then he's crouched down in front of the door, picking the lock, while I watch the fire and the Djinn watches me.

The door swings open, and I'm running.

Dark hallways lit by what firelight streams out of that door behind me. They're only an instant behind me, but I'm faster than either. Don't know where I'm going, but I'm moving. Forget this whole "waiting to be rescued" thing, I'm escaping on my own before anyone else gets hurt trying to help me.

The fire alarms buzz around me, nothing more than the cheap residential sort. This whole building is old, decaying, an empty building abandoned by everyone but the Game. No, I suppose they wouldn't risk anything but a decaying Tether on someone like me. I take my turns at random. The fire exits aren't clearly labeled.

Suddenly in front of me, a Balseraph, dark wings spreading behind her celestial form. "Little fool," she says, and I think this must be the Seneschal, "you cannot run from the Game." She opens her mouth to sing--

"Your Tether is burning down," I say. "In case you cared."

Her eyes go wide, and she rushes forward. Through me. Just because I can't feel it doesn't make that any less unpleasant. Balseraph through the chest, ew. And what did she think all that disturbance was coming from, a whole cascade of breaking chairs?

Running again. Something of a trademark skill among my Choir. Knew one Ofanite who would get huffy about cars, said it was only real motion if you were doing it yourself, but if I can use this vessel to keep my feet in motion and take myself down these halls, don't see anything wrong with using a car the same way. Just a different tool. And it would be useful to have a car right around now, but somehow, I don't think they're going to be storing one inside the building, more's the pity. Now, if Nosha were here--

I hit the Djinn full-on, bounce off, and if he can't damage me, doesn't stop him from trying to pin me down. My pockets are burning merrily somewhere back in the building (I don't know how far back, I can smell the smoke from here), and this demon isn't wearing any convenient wristwatches. Got to give me something to work with, here.

One handcuff snaps shut around my wrist, and I could do something with the other end, except it's attached to the Djinn. "Should have done this sooner," he says, and yanks me up by that wrist. "Follow."

"Have you ever considered channeling your clingy instincts into more productive pursuits?" I'd pull back against his dragging, except I don't think I want to be in the part of the building that's blazing behind us. Let's see, best way to incapacitate a Djinn while -- wait a minute, what am I going to do with him if I kill him? Running out of here with a body chained to my wrist would get tricky. I suppose I could cut off a hand, but that's messy, and I'm not sure either of us has anything sharp handy. "Incidentally, do you carry a pocketknife? I'm asking for purely theoretical reasons."

Nomikos was beginning to wish he still worked with Adala, who had always carried a bottle of painkillers for the aftermath of Kai's enthusiastic and heartfelt theories about How Things Worked. His headache was growing, and it was never a good sign when the Seraph was shouting. Nor, for that matter, when Cherub and Ofanite were hovering on either side of the equally loud Cherub of Lightning, in case he tried to run off. Or hit someone.

And of course it was the Lightning Servitor who had the dangerous-looking weapon. The large, glowing weapon, which Theo had explained as a prototype "with a few bugs still, so it needed field-testing" and nothing more than that. All of which would be acceptable -- at least, from a distance -- if it weren't for the little... disagreement, going on.

One did not storm a Tether of the Game at a moment's notice. Especially not without prior approval from someone higher in the chain of command. Nor with four angels, only one heavily armed.

Then again, one didn't allow the Game to walk off with a perfectly good angel, and therein lay the debate.

He would have appreciated a quiet moment to speak with one of them -- nearly any of them -- but all their attentions were turned elsewhere, and so Nomikos strode away. Not so far as to be out of easy reach should any danger appear, but with enough distance that the shouting was a touch less painful on his ears.

The night was cold, overcast, and showed no sign of edging towards dawn, no matter that his watch told him it ought to be arriving soon.

His phone rang.

Nomikos opened it up, saw nothing he could recognize in the number. "Hello?"

"Nomikos, do you have a sword on you?"

"...Kai?"

"Or a knife. That'd work. Or, actually, a hacksaw would be better, but I could use anything sharp and pointy. Preferably strong enough to get through bone. Would you believe he wasn't carrying a key?"

Nomikos walked very quickly back towards the others, gave them a quick Shut up hand gesture that everyone but the Sparky caught and obeyed. "What's the situation?"

"Well, I kinda have this unconscious Djinn chained to my wrist, which is causing serious problems with the whole quick getaway idea, and I think they're going to find me soon either way, so if you could show up in the near future? That would be spiffy. Do you still have that talisman I gave you?"

"Yes, we know where you are. What's happening?" Theophylaktos finally stopped shouting to stare at him intently, and the way the Cherub's hands made abortive gestures suggested he would've stolen the phone if he thought he could wrestle it free.

"Set fire to the building, then tracked down where they were keeping my phone. I think that distracted them. Of course, I don't know how to get out of here, all the doors are locked, and this Djinn doesn't have the lightest vessel ever, so if you could show up in the near future, that would be really, really conven -- um. Gotta go." A shout of Helltongue on the other end, a crash, and the line cut off.

Nomikos closed his eyes briefly. Opened them again. "Kai has managed to set fire to the Tether, though I believe the demons have caught up with him." He couldn't decide how to follow that, and so left the explanation hanging in the air.

"Nice work," said the Lightning Servitor. "Surely now you can't object to a quick raid. There won't be much Tether left standing anyway."

Nomikos saw how the Cherub hefted that glowing weapon, and wondered if that sentence should have ended "once I've dealt with it.". But chose not to comment. There was a scent of smoke on the wind, a distant roar of disturbance, and no one was shouting anymore.

Smoke has filled the building, Jack is shouting at the Habbalite in Helltongue, and I still have an unconscious Djinn chained to my wrist. The day is not looking up.

It seems somehow wrong that I'm the only one of us standing here who isn't injured. Though I don't know what happened to give Jack that gash down the side of his face, and if I find out who did it--

No. This is bad. If I'm still trying to protect him, I'm going to have a serious problem when Nomikos shows up. Assuming Nomikos is even in the same state, I didn't think to ask at the time. What did we do before cell phones? I remember when I was convinced a cell phone couldn't be as interesting as a phone with a cord.

I traveled a lot less at the time. Voluntarily or otherwise.

"I don't suppose either of you has the key?" Only Jack looks at me. "Never mind, forget I asked." I'm not sure an unconscious Djinn is an improvement over a conscious one, under these circumstances. I'm reminded of the old joke about how you tell a dead Djinn from a living one. First heard that one when Jack brought a half dozen Windies in to crash in my apartment for three days. Seldom have so many of my possessions gone missing in such a short time.

"We need to go," Jack says, and I'm not sure why he's back to English. "Or have you not noticed that this place is burning down around us?"

"This will be addressed," says the Habbalite. And makes the mistake of wandering too close to where I'm standing.

Can't run anywhere with this weight on my wrist, but I've acquired a stapler from the office where they caught up with me. You can do a lot of damage with a stapler. Well, I can do a lot of damage with a stapler, applied in the right place. Currently the right place would be defined as the back of the Habbalite's head.

Don't like Habbalah, not at all.

She's stupid enough to try to fight back instead of getting out of the way, and that costs her one eye. Reduced visibility, excellent idea, and I get the second eye out just before Jack tackles me.

"Stop it," he snarls at me, all his weight on me, hands on my wrists. "Don't you see you're just making this worse?"

"Worse for whom?" I can't help the giggle. "I'm supposed to kill demons, remember? It's in my job description. Did you know they gave me a job description? They have those, in Lightning." He hauls me back to my feet, doesn't let go of my wrists. "They kept adding bits to it, and then Gariel got annoyed with all the details and reduced it to one line. 'Other duties as assigned.' Isn't that beautiful?"

"You're insane, Kai." Such a fond tone. Like the way he'd tease me about every little thing I couldn't manage, all the places he was so much better than I was.

"My best friend Fell. You'll have to excuse my lack of composure. It's been a long week." The Habbalite is clutching her face, but I'm not concerned about her. I lean against his chest. This vessel is tall enough to prop my chin on his shoulder, first one I've had that can do that. It's comfortable. "Unlock me, would you? I don't want to burn to death, no matter what I said earlier."

He keeps one hand on my free wrist, and undoes the lock with three wires held in his other hand. Clever trick, that. "Let's get outside," he says, and slaps the cuff that was around the Djinn's wrist onto his own.

At least he knows the way to an exit.

The fire's on the other side of the building, and outside is cold. I wish I hadn't lost my jacket back in the fire. Not that I can blame anyone but myself for that. "Prepared for an outside assault," I say.

"Yeah. I'm not sure anyone can prepare for you. Not with your propensity for chaos. I still say you would have done fine in the Wind." Jack frowns down at me. "You're shivering."

"Hey, it's late November, you'd be cold too if it weren't for the jacket." I let him wrap an arm around me. "It's still a nice jacket. More Windy than War, mind." I wish I could see the stars. Would be reassuring to stare out into that distance. It helps remind me that this conflict is bigger than I am. To make losing one battle hurt a tiny bit less.

"Probably right on that count." He sighs quietly above me. "There's nothing I can say to convince you, is there?"

"Nope." I'm perfectly still, but the world is rushing by underneath me.

"You run off now, it's going to get personal, Kai. They've been going after you to get at Mannie, but now? They're going to want you specifically." His grip ever tighter around me. It's a little odd to be able to hear him so clearly, when the roar of disturbance from the fire feels like it ought to block out other sounds. "There's no way I can protect you from that. The Game's not entirely like Judgment, they can stomp over anyone if they want to."

"If I were that worried about my own safety... Well. I don't know what I'd be, but it wouldn't be me." Those are headlights, winding down the distant dark road towards this place. Here comes the cavalry. "Jack? I kinda gave Judgment that talisman you loaned me, so they could track you. I'm not entirely sorry, but I feel I ought to let you know."

"Can't blame you for that." He lets go of me, turns me around until we're facing each other, still connected by this bit of metal. "So is this the part where you try to kill me, or just step out of the way while they do it?"

"Trauma sucks, and it wouldn't accomplish anything. Go." I'd like to have a parting smile for him, but I'm not that good an actor. "I can't hurt you, Jack. But I'm not going to promise that'll be true the next time we meet. Now give me back my stuff, you bastard."

"More than fair." Little silver phone and little silver piccolo deposited into my hands. He picks the lock on the cuffs again, and then pulls off his jacket. Drops it over my shoulders. "Any last words?"

What am I supposed to say now?

He drops his vessel. It hurts, it hurts to see him like that. I always liked the cheerful absurdity of his white-feathered wings to frame his mischievous smile, nothing at all like these black leather wings that match the jacket I'm now wearing, turn him dark and dangerous before me. "See you around."

He drops down to whatever Heart they've made for him in Hell.

"See you around." They'll give this Role and vessel to someone else. Jack's going to be in for a surprise if he tries to track me by that. And while he still keeps that vessel, I can recognize him, even if he doesn't know it's me.

So it's not entirely altruism and old friendship that had me giving him a break. The Boss will understand.

The Balseraph from the car is at the door to the courthouse, lit up from behind by the fires burning inside, and she stands ready for any Cherub or Malakite who's come to attack this place.

Probably not for the five people getting out of that car, though.

I stay out of the way of the gunshots. Not my sort of fight, and none of them are trying to hit me. Let them shoot it out while this place burns. Not going to be much of the Tether left after the building is gone. I can see what Jack means about the Game taking this personally.

The Bal sings up Corporeal Shields, flees back into the building, and no one seems inclined to follow. Wonder if the Djinn's woken up, if the Habbie's found her way out with no eyes to lead her, if the Seneschal is having any luck putting out the flames.

There's the Habbalite, in celestial form, making her way out of the building. Flames and a torn vessel won't bother her in this form. I don't think any of them are ready to flee back to Hell without me. If I had enough Essence to drop this vessel and--

--okay, that works. A Cherub and Ofanite I don't recognize jump to celestial form, and pounce. Wish I could be playing my own part in that fight. At least I can watch, there's a Seraph right on their heels--

--except Theo's holding me so tightly I can barely breathe, and at a bad angle to watch the show. "Hey," I gasp. "Nice to see you again. Let go?"

He loosens his grip, but not by much. "Don't you ever, ever run off like that again." Walks me back to the car, and I'm spending a lot of time today being pushed around by people. "I'm going to get a leash. Or load you with tracking devices and program something to let me know every time you move more than a certain distance away from me. Or maybe tag every demon with sensors that'll ping your sensors if they get too close to you and alert me to their presence. Or--"

"Theo? Much as I'd like to join in the demon-tagging fun, I'm having a hard time breathing."

My Cherub pushes me into the back seat of the car. "Sit. Stay. And I mean stay, I'm not going far, but if you're gone when I get back--"

"I'm an Ofanite!"

He thrusts a yo-yo into my hands. "Stay." And stomps away towards where the interesting events of the evening are going on, swinging his big shiny gun down from his shoulder into a ready position.

I think he's annoyed.

I run the yo-yo up and down a few times. Find that I want to untie the string and see what else I can take apart, and I don't know if that's stress or just a subtle Habbalite push towards destructive behavior. In any case, I leave the yo-yo intact.

Not a barrel of thrills.

Nomikos rests one arm on the open door, and looks down at me. "What fun."

"Tell me about it." Maybe if I catch up with Theo I can convince him I'm trying to stay near to him in case anyone tries to -- no, he won't buy that. "You're not joining in?"

"They seem to have it in hand." I could almost imagine amusement, somewhere in that voice. "Kai. We're not going to find Jack here, are we?"

"Nope." The yo-yo only goes up and down, up and down. In something of a rut, as movement goes. But that's okay. You don't need to go new places. Only wherever you're supposed to go. "He'll be working for the War next. Though I don't know if that'll happen. Depends on what direction the Game decides to focus its annoyance. I guess they can't be too annoyed, or Asmodeus himself would be here."

"Heaven forbid." Amen to that. "Tell me, Kai, do you try to do things like this, or do they just happen?"

"A little bit of both, I guess." I wrap my arms tight around myself. This jacket's too big for me, and it's awkward to have the handcuffs dangling off one wrist out of the too-long sleeve. "I shouldn't worry. I mean, it shouldn't even be worth worrying about, but Jack's right. I do get violent. I break things a lot. Sometimes it even makes me feel better, though mostly it's just what happens to be in the way while I fight. Should I be worried? Maybe I should."

"I believe," Nomikos says, "that you should be an angel of motion, a faithful Servitor of your Archangel, and a diligent employee of the Archangel who's taken you into his service for the moment."

"But I'm already all of that."

"Well, then. That's an excellent start, isn't it?"

He's still straight-faced. I'm not sure Judges are allowed to make jokes. But I'll make my own assumptions. "Nomikos, could I ask you a question?"

"Certainly."

"Do you have a hacksaw?"

All waiting rooms of the Game are too dim, or too bright. A little too hot, or a little too cold. Spotless, and yet implying grime lurking in every shadow.

If one is important enough to deserve better, one is important enough to not wait.

Aglaya sat still, and did not shiver. It was an effort of will, and hers was sufficient to the task. It was a distraction from considering what might come next, and her will was not sufficient to that task.

"You can go in," said the Shedite at the desk. A few of its mouths leered as she walked past, but she gave no sign that such things were worth considering.

There was no place for her to sit inside the office. She stood and waited for the Balseraph to notice her.

"Well," he said, finally. "That wasn't what I'd call a complete success." Six eyes narrowed at her. "In fact, you failed to accomplish the one very simple task we'd set you to do."

Aglaya nodded. What good would denying it do?

"When we agreed not to turn your traitorous hide in to your own Prince," the Balseraph said, "it was on the assumption that you could complete this task. If I recall correctly, you swore that you could do this. And yet. You did not."

"I'm sorry," she whispered. Not that it would do any good.

"Of course you are." One leathery wing tapped a sheet of paper into the center of his desk. "And, my, you have acquired a fair number of Geases since we sent you off, haven't you? Even more than the ones we set on you. I'm not sure if I should take that as a sign of incompetence or diligence. What shall we do with you now?"

She couldn't think of any answer to that. Stared mutely at him. Pleading with the Game was useless.

"You have achieved some minimal success," said the Balseraph, his voice turning more clinical. "Though you weren't able to deliver the one we'd requested, you have provided a new handle. And subsequent events, much as one might wish to blame them on you, were not your responsibility. So be it. If we must play dominoes from a few more pieces out, we shall. Now. Tell me the truth, Impudite. Would this Ofanite still come for you, if you presented yourself as a Renegade seeking sanctuary?"

"He would," she said. All her throat felt raw. It would have been glorious, for one instant, to shout, no, you can't have him, you won't, I won't let you.

Her madness was not so great as to allow this, no matter how much she wished it were.

"Then you retain some utility. Congratulations. You won't be turned over to your Prince." The Balseraph smiled. "Your betrayal of that Habbalite did show... promise. It was a neat setup and double-cross. Or had you hit a triple-cross by that point? If you survive this next assignment, there may be a place for you with us. You bear watching."

"Another assignment?" They weren't going to kill her. It was nearly a disappointment. Death at someone else's hands would have removed all her fears at once.

"You're about to go Renegade, Aglaya. After this failure, that will be necessary to convince any of the Host to listen to you again. Your objective remains the same. We'll provide you with a way to contact us once you've found that Ofanite again."

"You want me to pretend I'm a Renegade?"

"Did I say anything about pretending? When I send you out of this office, you will return to Tartarus, break your Heart, and flee. There is little so useful as the truth for covering deception. A spoonful of honey makes the medicine go down."

She couldn't stop the shivering now. "But you... won't be chasing me, right?"

"Of course we will. You'll be a Renegade, and we always seek out those, to destroy or capture." His smile grew colder. "Rest assured, Aglaya, you will be a very low priority Renegade. Consider the matter of avoiding capture one of your tests. If you succeed in both that and your assignment, opportunities will open for you. If you do not..." A shrug rippled through his body. "The fate of a Renegade is seldom pleasant. You may wish to remember this."

"Yes, sir."

"You are dismissed." His six eyes returned to other paperwork.

Aglaya stumbled out of the office, couldn't care who might see her shivering, coated in Geases, blank-eyed. If the Game didn't catch her, if Technology didn't catch her, if the Host didn't catch her, if she could only get back to Kai and explain--

Did it matter? No one ever played against the Game and won.

"I feel like I'm in a hamster wheel."

"Hey, you're the one who asked to try." I'm rolling through the sky more slowly than usual, because Sharon is trying to walk along the bottom of my ring as I go. It's not working out gracefully, though it's not like she'll hit the ground when she slips out or I move to fast.

"Quite right." She slides down to sit in my ring as if it were a tire swing. "Sometimes, it would be easier to believe in predestination."

"Everything happens the way it ought to happen, and for no other reason?" I swing back and forth, consider this. "Can't buy it. It posits too cruel a God, to say she's preordained the bad stuff, too."

"Me either. But I can wish, sometimes. Like everything would make more sense." She leans her head against my inside rim. "I wonder what he thinks of me, now. If it's changed, or if it hasn't changed, or if he doesn't think of me at all. I'm not sure what would be worst."

"I don't know. I didn't ask." It feels selfish, now, to have been so worried about what Jack's Fall was doing to me, that I barely thought of what it's done to Sharon. "I'm sorry."

"I think I'm happier not knowing." She gets back to her feet. Tennis shoe soles along my inside rim aren't something I've felt before. I don't mind, though they kinda tickle. "Look, no offense, but if I talk about this any longer, I'm going to get depressed again, and that ends up with me sniffling at Teresa over hot chocolate. She doesn't mind, but I think her boss is getting annoyed at the drop in productivity. So I'm going to play tag with a bunch of relievers, and then go hassle Jaasau, okay?"

"Are you going to be okay?" I slide out from under her, swirl tight around her for a moment. Can't give people proper full-body hugs in a vessel the way I can in this form.

"If it had been one or the other... No. I wouldn't. But it's everything at once, which is more than I can take the time to panic about, so I'll deal eventually. Might take me a while, but I don't have a patch on what some people around here had to go through when they were alive." She pushes off to float cross-legged in the air. "Now go reassure your Cherub and clingy Bright, before they start looking at me suspiciously for taking up all your time, and I'll catch you later."

Sharon gives good advice, so I take it, and spiral off to find Theo. Easy enough to find, what with having an office, name on the door and everything. "Still planning on tagging all the demons on the corporeal plane?"

He's not as fearsome-looking in celestial form as his vessel would make him out to be. Kinda cuddly, even. Like a bunny-rat with a long fluffy tail. I had to go look up what a bilby was after getting back here, to identify the form. Right now his ears are sticking out straight on either side of his head so that he can peer into a scientific instrument that isn't accommodating towards his head. "I'm told it would be impractical. More's the pity. But if you run into the Game again, I intend to be better prepared."

"You were joking about the leash. Right?"

"Maybe." One ear twitches.

"...right." I've done my duty, checked in with Cherub, now I'm leaving. Before he gets any more ideas.

When I'm halfway down the hall, I think I can heard him snickering, but I'm not about to go back and check.

Mannie's all wrapped up in his note-taking or whatever it is that he does all day at work, so I sneak up behind him. Being able to roll a few inches above the ground is useful for the whole sneakiness thing.

"Hello, Kai."

"Okay, setting up security cameras to see if I'm coming is cheating."

"Actually, it was the reflection in the laptop screen," Mannie says, and turns around. "Computers are useful for some things."

"Luddite." I sweep up all around him, curling myself fire-ribbon tight until I can't feel anything but him. "Even I can appreciate computers, and I'm lousy with them. Always ended up with my hard drive so filled with spyware and junk that I'd be afraid to touch the thing until Jack came by and..." Didn't mean to come here and talk about that. "...um. Fix things. Run programs. Stuff."

If he says he's sorry, I think I might have to flee.

But instead, he says, "You might want to send a thank you note to Zif. Considering she was the one who had to sit on me until I stopped trying to dash off to a Tether to get to you."

"I'm glad she did." I don't think he means the part about being sat upon literally. Topic of conversation, another topic of conversation. I pull myself free, and sweep around the office. Books papers files, same as always -- except that on the side of one bookcase, there's a framed painting. Looks to have been done in crayon, of a little turquoise Seraph in the middle of flowers. "So you're finally decorating!"

"It was a gift," Mannie says, and looks elsewhere in the way that means he's embarrassed. "It would have been rude to turn it down."

"Who's in the picture?"

"Ling. A Seraph of Flowers. It's... a long story. Which I'll tell you over coffee, if you'd like."

"I always like coffee." Two ice cream cones of espresso ice cream, one for her and one for me, except I'm not thinking about that either. "When does your schedule allow for that?"

"I have time," he says, and sends off an email. "Let's go."

Ling's story is gratifying, in its own sad way. Fourth cup of coffee in, and maybe I can talk about what I've been trying to ignore. This coffee shop has private corners to speak in, and we've claimed what I think is Mannie's favorite. A little strange, sometimes, that these days he knows Heaven better than I do.

"I'm not sure I did so well, Mannie."

"How do you mean?" He's put on one of his neutral masks, for listening to me being upset, no judgment in it. I appreciate the consideration. I can't spend too much time near the Windies right now, the sympathy hurts to see, even worse when it's empathy because they knew Jack too.

"Took me forever to work out what was going on with the Vapulans. And I didn't, really, I just got lucky and had info given to me and then other people worked it out."

"You're not a scientist, Kai. People handle what aspects of their job they're able, and request assistance for the rest." He takes a sip from his own coffee; he's still two cups behind me in the caffeine contest. "You don't see me attempting serious work in virology, do you?"

"No, but... I mean, I got caught by the Game again. You'd think I would have been more careful, I should have known what was going on with Jack. It was stupid of me."

"Possibly. But you burned down one of their Tethers in the process, so I'd call that a win." A faint smirk breaks through the mask, and, no, he wouldn't mind at all if I did damage to that branch of Hell.

"It was an old, weak Tether."

"But still a Tether." He sets down the cup. "You did that nearly in passing, and without any of the people who came after you so much as losing a vessel. That takes talent, Kai."

"I'm not sure I want to think about what sort of talent. Then there's... the other matter." A reliever brings by cup number five for me. "And... it's not what bothers me the most, because it's so outranked by Sharon and Jack. But it's what feels the most like my fault."

"Aglaya." He's masking again. I don't know what he thinks about her.

"Yeah. It was -- I mean, I thought I could bring her back to Lightning. I really did. But now I don't know how much of that was only acting, and how much was real... And it probably doesn't matter, because if she was working for the Game, they're not going to let her go. Not if they think there's even a chance." I sigh into my coffee. "I'm sorry I wasted your time on trying to help her."

"Not entirely a waste of time," Mannie says.

"How so?"

"I'll explain... some other time. After certain issues have been resolved, in one manner or another. I'm reluctant to go into details at this stage." He puts one hand along my ring, lets me wrap warm flames around his fingers. "You're doing your best. No one can ever ask more. You'll learn from experience, which is more than some people ever do."

"What would I do without you, Mannie?"

"Possibly be kidnapped less often." He stands up, not letting go of me yet. "I do need to get back to work. But rest assured, you are fighting entropy with the best of them. Even on days when it's two steps forward, three steps back... You're still moving forward."

"Of course I'm moving forward." I finish off my coffee in one go, and spin alongside him. "I'm an Ofanite. It's what I do."

"I've noticed." He's been patterning his smiles after the type Jean uses. I admire the dedication. And it looks good on him. "Go with speed, then."

"Always."

In the Halls of Creation, I spin around that spiral staircase until I'm ready to see it, and then I move up the stairs. Until I find the two steps Jack and I made as relievers.

It would feel more dramatically appropriate if his step had cracked, or turned dull. But it's the same as always.

It'll wait here for him to come back, even if it takes forever and a day.

I suppose I can wait that long too.

Zif sat behind her desk, hands folded in plain view. A notepad waited, and a pen, though there'd been no writing so far.

"I don't know what this is supposed to accomplish," Yoshiko said. "Aren't you supposed to be asking me to tell you about my awful family life or something?"

"If that's what you'd like to talk about," Zif said.

"It's not like I have these big issues about my Mother like some Lilim do. And it's not like I have any problem with the Word I... um. Served. Or anything like that. I don't have issues! I'm perfectly well-adjusted. Really. You can let me go back to my room."

"If you'd prefer to do so, you may," Zif said.

"What, are you just going to keep being agreeable at me?"

"So long as it would do no harm to you or to this Tether," Zif said, "yes, I intend to be agreeable to your whims, within reason."

"You're here to make me happy?"

"No," Zif said. "I'm here to do my job. Currently, that involves keeping you safe, and listening."

"Listening is your job."

"Yes."

"Like... in the job description?"

"Yes."

"Oh." Yoshiko wrapped her arms around her knees. At least the stupid professional counselor's office had comfortable chairs. And the Cherub wasn't yelling at her about putting her shoes on the chair, either. "To whatever I want to talk about?"

"Yes."

"Okay."

The silence stretched out between them, and somehow the Cherub failed to look discomforted by it.

"It wasn't fair," Yoshiko said, finally. "It wasn't a real choice. It's all about pretending to give someone a choice so that you don't feel guilty about what you do to them. Like all those stupid movies where some guy's holding a kid hostage, and tells the hero, oh, it'll be your fault if this kid gets shot, because you did whatever it was that I told you not to, and then the hero feels all guilty, but hello, it's not his fault! It's the guy who has the gun to the kid's head! The only reason the choice gets offered is to pawn off responsibility on someone else!"

"Mm," said Zif. And made a brief note on her pad.

"Not that I have issues with this or anything."

"Mm."

Yoshiko leaned back in the chair. "And I'm not going to talk about my Mother, okay?"

"As you'd like."

"Right. Just so we're clear on that." The Lilim scowled. "And I don't even like Lightning."

"How do you feel about Trade?"

Yoshiko blinked, stared at Zif. "Why do you ask?"

"No reason," Zif said. And made a brief note. "Please continue at your leisure."

"Okay, that whole 'no reason' thing? I'm not believing that for an instant."

"It is possibly fortunate I'm not a Seraph," Zif said. And offered her a very small smile. "Go ahead, whenever you'd like. I'm listening."

I wake up spinning around my Heart, and the first thing that springs to mind is, I've been doing this too often of late.

Theo's in the room before I've finished shaking Trauma-weariness out of my ring. Gives me a quick once-over, nods. He's not the demonstrative type. "You weren't the only one," he says, because I would have asked. "But you're the last to wake. It's been over two weeks."

"That long?" Usually I'm in and out of Trauma in three days flat. I spin close around him; even if he's not the touchy-feely type when on the celestial plane, it makes me feel better to check out that he's truly okay. Last I saw him, there was a piece of rebar going through his stomach and -- it's not useful to think about this right now. It gets confusing and messy if I spend as much time trying to keep him safe as he does for me. Not a Cherub, never wanted to be a Cherub, and it's not my job. "Wow. At least everyone else is out of it by now, that's reassuring, and did we win? Um, wait, wrong terminology, did we accomplish the listed objectives for the mission?"

"Most of them," Theo says, and I have to wonder which ones we missed. I mean, items one, two, and seven were taken care of when the fire reached the second floor, though it did sort of make number four unlikely. "I've had the report sent to your office"

"Thanks." I detach from him before he can get uncomfortable. "I have to ask, since when do I have an office?" I don't want an office. I don't need an office. I'm only doing temp work here, and offices are for Sparkies, people who belong Heart and soul to Jean. I like the Boss, I really do, but I'm not one of his. I'm only on loan.

"Gariel requested that all angels under his direct supervision be centered within easy reach of his location, and an office came free over there. You're between Theresa and Mannie." Theo rears up on his hindquarters to examine me more closely, and I obligingly spin around in front of him. "Before you ask, no, nothing happened to the previous occupant. It simply requested an office in a quieter location."

I can dimly place the angel who worked there before, a Kyriotate who once asked me to keep it down when playing tag with Maharang in the hallway outside. "What am I supposed to do with an office?"

"Read reports."

That's a hint, but I can ignore it for a while longer. "I can do that in any of the lounges."

"Hold private conversations?"

"All the people I speak with privately have their own offices."

"Be found within easy distance of your supervisor, while not interrupting anyone else's work."

He has me there. I roll out of the Heart room into the straight, clean, perfectly logical hallway. There are times I'm tempted to round up a pack of relievers from Flowers and Wind, load them down with finger paints, and let them loose in the Halls of Progress. "I'd better go read that report. And, um, put myself within easy distance of my supervisor."

"A good plan," Theo says, and moves briskly away in the other direction.

I speed my way through the halls fast enough to almost not think about things I'm trying not to think about of late.

Mannie's office door stands cracked open, in the universally recognized sign for Come in, but only if it's important. I roll inside, tap the door closed behind me, wrap around him before he can stand up or turn around. "Missed you."

"You have the most uncanny knack for losing vessels in a spectacular fashion," Mannie says, and lets me twine all around him. I don't have the coils a Seraph could manage, but a single ring can rubber-band around a cooperative angel remarkably well, if I say so myself. He keeps a camera on my Heart these days, and I know he's safe here in Heaven, but we both need a moment of reassurance. That the other person is there.

"I didn't use to lose vessels so often." I twist myself free, enough to let him spin his chair and watch me as I maneuver around the room. It's not big enough to pace in properly, not when I'm this wheel of fire, and it's a strange taste to realize I'm more used to my vessels than my true form these days. "I kept my third one for decades. I mean, sure, I'd lose a piece of it to a Shedite with a chainsaw now and then, but I always got those reattached. It's only lately that I've been having so much trouble keeping, uh, corporeally alive."

"You ought to be more careful," Mannie says.

"And you shouldn't worry so much. I'm always fine in the end, right?" He's added another painting to the side of the bookcase, the place where he hangs everything Ling sends him. A deer-form Cherub in flowers, by the looks of it, and nicely done in crayon. I'll have to go see her some time and pick up a few decorations, so long as they insist I have an office. Or maybe just get back to that idea about relievers and finger paints.

"So far." Mannie turns away from me to grab his coffee from the desk, and now I can see that his wings are twitching, trying to spread out around him. Which isn't a good sign at all, and I think he took my two weeks in Trauma harder than my three-day stints. "I stay here and I worry. My worrying seldom does you any good, more often than not it proves a distraction to me, but... I'm not an Elohite, Kai. I can't ignore that or turn it off."

"I'm sorry." I don't want to hurt him.

"It is not your responsibility to, ah, be gentle with me. You have a job to do. But... please. Be more careful."

"I'll try." I flip over onto my side and spin there in mid-air. "I'm not very good at it, but I'll try."

"You could work your way up to it," Mannie says, and the moment's gone. We're back to our usual post-Trauma roles, where he can chide me for being too careless and I can make light of the situation. It's more comfortable than the alternative. "If you can't think about the consequences before you throw yourself into danger, maybe you could start thinking about them while you throw yourself in. It would be an improvement from not considering such aspects of the situation at all."

"Well, I did realize at one point during that last job that what I had just done had been a really bad idea, from a self-preservation standpoint. So that's something!"

"I'm going to have to get you a body bag for Christmas, aren't I. And petition for you to be given a second vessel to stuff in there." Mannie waves his coffee cup at me. "No doubt Theo will help me in this if I ask. We can stow away the body bag in a nice, safe location. Say, the cells beneath Notre Dame."

"Can't give me a Christmas present, it's March."

"Then I'll find a March holiday to justify it. Or call it a birthday present."

"I think birthdays only count for people who are born. I just sorta stuck together at the top of a Tether, back when I was three Forces and fluff."

"Do you remember the date?"

"No?"

"Then we'll call it March. And your birthday. Congratulations, you'll be getting a present as soon as I can call in enough favors to dig up one of those artifacts for you."

"How efficient."

"That's one word for it." Mannie tries to drink from his coffee cup, discovers it's empty. "I need to find another lab assistant," he says, by which he means someone to deliver messages and fetch him coffee. Except -- oh.

"Maharang's gone downstairs?" No wonder he's twitchier than usual. Two friends on Earth to fret over, and he thinks of both of us as fragile, no matter that I have more Corporeal Forces than he does, and Maharang has as many as him.

"Yes. A brand new Role to build for someone else. Or possibly for itself, if it proves itself by the time the Role is ready to go." He sets the cup back down. "I told them you wouldn't want the office. But they said that wasn't the point."

"I'll deal. It doesn't mean anything, right? Just a place to stow my stuff when I'm downstairs."

"I even warned them you'd redecorate," Mannie says. "That should have scared them out of the notion, but apparently not."

"I appreciate the effort." I like being around him, but I'll admit I'm getting bored, ready to go flying through the sky at proper speeds. Pity I won't be able to convince him to come along; he's about as comfortable with wings as your average Servitor of Animals is with SUVs. "It's going to be quiet around here with Maharang gone. Want me to see if I can chase up some bored little reliever who needs something to do for you?"

"Please, no. Someone with more experience would be preferable. And, ah, more Ethereal Forces." For a terrible moment I think he's going to talk about those things I'm not thinking about, but he only holds out his cup. "However, if you're in as much a mood to run as I imagine you are, you could get me another cup of coffee."

"I know the place!" I spin around him one more time for good measure, and then it's out the door down the hallway take a left down the hall take a right past the entrance out into the beautiful blue skies of Heaven.

I keep not thinking about things, of late. People who ought to be here who aren't. And some of them, I don't know what I'll say when we next meet.

But it will all turn out well, in the end. I know that this is true. It'll all work out in the end.

The thing is, I'm used to demons trying to kill me. It happens, it's nothing personal, it's just part of the War, right? They try to kill me, I try to kill them, and one or the other of us wakes up in Trauma a while later, unless something funny happens in the middle. I'm pretty good at this part, if I say so myself, and there's a lot of fun in using the abilities Dad gave me. I mean, anyone can behead a Balseraph, but when you do with a stop sign? That's satisfying.

What I'm not used to is them trying to recruit me.

Once I could pass off as a weird tactic to throw me off-guard. Two times, well, stranger coincidences have happened, I've made the same mistake twice myself. (Nomikos will tell you himself if you ask nicely, or more likely someone else will tell you about it, but I swear, I wasn't trying to set him on fire, not the first time or the second. These things happen.) On the third occurrence, it's starting to weird me out. So I stop with the fighting part (which has been entertaining up until now, but I start feeling a little uncomfortable if my opponent's not doing more than putting up a token defense), and while I'm not so stupid as to put down the spatula I've been using, I do say, "You're serious?"

The demon smiles at me hopefully, and gets up from the floor of the kitchen. From when I was tracking her earlier, I would have pegged her as a Habbalite, but she hasn't tried to throw any emotions at me yet, so I could have guessed wrong. "You'll find my Prince could make you a generous offer."

"See, this is the part where I'm confused. I can't imagine why any Prince would want to recruit me." I set to circling around her, because as long as we're talking I'm making sure she's right where I can see her. "It's not like I get along with demons, right?"

"Tangle with the Game a few times..." She shrugs, and her smile turns sweeter, in a way I don't trust. "You don't have to be an angel to dislike those tinpot dictators with their nasty sets of rules. If you came to work for us, you could do some serious damage to them."

"I'm not into the working for demons thing. It seems to end badly for people." Frequently on account of me, but the point's still valid.

"But we've been so impressed by your work!"

"...by what work?"

The demon giggles like a kid. "I'm sure there are plenty we haven't heard about, but reports of a few incidents did filter through to us. The part where you set a Malakite of Judgment on Fire."

"It was an accident!"

"Twice?"

"It was an accident the second time, too." I'm never going to live that down, am I? Even though I don't try to cook anymore, people keep bringing that up. It's an easy mistake to make.

"And then there was the Game Tether."

"That was an -- okay, so it wasn't an accident. But I didn't realize it would all go up in flames. And it was a very weak Tether." I wave my spatula at her. "That's hardly indicative of any desire to switch sides. I'm happy in my job! I have nothing against authority figures. I like Judgment, and it's the Game's fault for harassing me if things tend to happen to them." Serious grudge against Asmodeus, let's see... "Theft?"

"No," says the demon, and laughs at that. "Better. Let me put it this way. My Prince thought that bit with the Tether was funny."

"I am not interested in working for Kobal."

"You're sure?"

"Very."

"Oh, fine." The demon throws her hands in the air. "Be that way. If you don't want to use your destructive little talent for something useful, go ahead and stick to playing with boring angels. But at least take my card, so that you can give us a call if you change your mind, okay?"

"Sure, if you insist."

She blinks a few times, but hands over a rectangular card that looks perfectly innocent, and which I am not going to touch under any circumstances until I've had someone look at it, because I may not be the brightest Wheel in Heaven, but I know better than to take presents from demons. I snap it into the air with the spatula, drop it onto the counter behind me with a quick flip, and return to a more aggressive stance. "Ready?"

"Ugh. If you insist. It's a cheap vessel anyway." She folds her arms, and sniffs. "But I think this is terribly unfair. You ought to be working with us. And being killed with a spatula is nothing but slapstick. It's downright Haagentian."

"Well, if it's going to upset you that much, I almost feel bad about it." I sit on the edge of the counter. "Tell you what. Indulge my urge for conversation for fifteen minutes, and I'll give you a thirty-second head start for the door at the end of it. Sound fair?"

"Perfectly," she says, and I can tell by her smile that she's ready to sway me to her side during that conversation. And I smile back at her because, honestly, do these people never figure this out? If there's anything I've learned from Lilim, it's to never offer someone a deal unless you're sure you'll come out ahead.

And I do like talking to demons.

I'm actually parked, having an emergency Starbucks cup of coffee before I go -- I need keep moving non-stop to get to my next appointment anywhere close to on time -- when my phone rings. I set down the coffee to answer, and find from the caller ID it's not who I was expecting. "Morning, Kai speaking, what's up?"

"Priority job," says the Seraph, who as with most of her Choir gets right to the point. She's not my supervisor, but apparently I'm a loaner Ofanite in Lightning, so I've gotten mission briefings from her before. "We need someone extracted from hostile territory and delivered to the nearest Tether of Lightning." I blink at that, as it's usually "nearest friendly Tether" or even "nearest affiliated Tether" for fiddly stuff that Lightning doesn't want to pass around to everyone. "You're the closest Ofanite available with transportation and no Role. Where are you now?"

"Redlands," I say. Which is closer to Los Angeles than I'm comfortable with, but I had to swing through for a last-minute courier request, which is why I'm about to be late to my appointment this evening. At this rate I might not make it at all. "Where to and who do I extract?"

The address I get is even closer to Los Angeles, right on the western edge of Orange County, where most of the Habbalah in this area live. No wonder they don't have many Ofanim available for the run. "You'll be meeting by the tortilla press in the supermarket," the Seraph tells me. "Her name is Maria Fernandez, and she'll approach you. Don't ask her any questions. If you don't make contact within fifteen minutes of entering the store, turn around and leave, and report it. Make no disturbance, and if you're put into a situation where disturbance would result, turn around and leave. If anything in this pickup doesn't go according to plan, leave. Do you understand?"

"This isn't exactly standard procedure--"

"Kai. Do you understand these instructions?"

I frown at the phone, but say, "Yes, I get it. No disturbance, no questions, and leave if anything happens."

"Good. Now hurry," the Seraph says, and the line goes dead.

I gulp down the rest of my coffee, and call Mannie while I'm striding back to where I parked my motorcycle. He answers with a highly generic, "Hello?" Moving back to the corporeal has made him nervous, and I can't blame him, even if he is smack in the middle of a cluster of Lightning Servitors and Soldiers. A guy can only deal with so many abduction attempts before concluding that someone really is out to get him.

"Hey, it's Kai. A job came up, and I'm going to be late tonight. Or might not make it," I admit, which annoys me to no end, because if so that's going to be the second scheduled visit in a row that I've had to cancel.

"Understood," says Mannie, and he means it; he's never had a problem with work coming before personal things. It's not that I have a serious objection either, because we make time for personal things, and work is important. But I regret missed opportunities to spend time with my best friend. Time may be infinite, but angels... aren't, necessarily.

I'm at the bike, and it's time to go. "I'll call you when I have a better ETA," I say, swinging on. This vessel is shorter than my last one, which can make stopping at traffic lights awkward at times.

A fractional pause. "Be careful," Mannie says, and hangs up before I can try to say I will without making it a promise. We both know how careful I don't get when there's a goal ahead of me.

But not this time. Get in, grab the contact, get out, and nothing else. The Seraph was firm enough on this point that it doesn't even sound like the usual precautions taken when doing anything important near Los Angeles, which makes me wonder what's up.

I mean, on the one ring, Los Angeles is locked up tight when it comes to Tethers; if there are any angelic Tethers in the area, they're so secret I've never even heard rumors. Between the entertainment industry and the vast concentration of wealth, you get demons oozing out of the sewers in fancy suits and sunglasses, ready to take on the world. Angels who used to be demons stay far away to avoid meeting anyone they used to know, and the rest of us stay quiet when we're passing through to avoid drawing the wrong kind of attention.

But on the other ring, it's an awfully big lump of cities, with a lot of people, and even a high concentration of demons doesn't mean they're every other person on the street. Better yet, demons aren't great at picking up on who's an angel from a distance. If a Mercurian gets a good reading off a demon, we know who he is; if an Impudite does a good job of Charming an angel, well, the angel's out some Essence and might say something inadvisable. I've been through Los Angeles half a dozen times, and only had trouble once. Avoid making too much noise, and it's no more dangerous than anywhere else for passing through. For living there... that's another matter. I wouldn't try.

I'm lucky enough to be on the far end of the morning rush hour, so it's well under an hour at the speed I drive to get to the grocery store. I leave the motorcycle in the nearest parking space I could find, and trot inside. I hope this person doesn't have much luggage; my bike's a sweet custom Lightning job, but two people won't leave room for anything bigger than a backpack.

I can smell the tortillas before I've stepped through the second set of doors, a warm wave from the back of the store. Shelves of the fascinating, mysterious world of food sweep past me as I head towards the source of that scent. It's a small effort of will to skip the shiny displays of caffeinated beverages. I wouldn't mind a drink for the trip, but going through the checkout line won't do anything good for what's supposed to be a rush job. I can always grab a cup of coffee from the Lightning Tether, because you can't find a Lightning Tether without at least one coffee maker, and half of them have espresso machines. The Word's nearly as bad as Trade about caffeine addictions.

At this time of day, the grocery store is lightly populated, the odd parent with a shopping cart and small children in tow wandering past the stockers in the aisles. This means it's not hard to spot the person I'm picking up. Late forties, in conservative gray slacks and jacket over a crisp white shirt. She's staring at the packs of gently steaming tortillas as if they might leap out and try to strangle her, her face locked into a rigid mask that's more of a giveaway than a worried look would have been. I wonder if she's an angel who got in too deep, or a demon taking a chance on running for Heaven. I'm not supposed to ask, so instead of giving any sign of recognition, I go stare thoughtfully at the tortillas myself. I'm not big into the spy stuff, but since I was told she'd contact me, I keep my patience and wait for her to decide she wants to get out of here.

She looks over to me, mouth open to say something when she works up the nerve for it. Makes her look like a professionally-dressed guppy.

I have no idea what she was going to say, because that's when a young man throws an arm around her neck and points a gun at her head.

There's this problem with being an Ofanite: when I see something that needs to happen right this instant, I'm not prone to thinking, hey, maybe I should consider the long-term ramifications of what I'm doing and how well they match my ultimate goals in this mission. Which is why I'm doing a grab-and-tackle on the man's arm by the time I think, hey, wasn't I supposed to head in the other direction if anything happened? And isn't this sort of thing exactly what was meant by "not going according to plan"?

I'm going to get lectured by someone, I'm sure.

I don't have the leverage in this vessel that I did in my last one, a bit late for me to remember that. The gun's away from my contact and she's scrambling away, but I've only knocked the man back a few steps, not down. If I can keep the gun pointed away from her for a few seconds--

Gunfire is always louder than I expect, up close. I'm fast, but not faster than a speeding bullet, and not that much tougher than a high-caliber one. I hit the ground with a sharp pain in my right shoulder, flat on my back trying to get myself together again. Someone behind the counter at the tortilla press is screaming. I pull myself back to my feet just in time to see the gunman yank the woman I'm supposed to meet through a door to the back.

This would be an excellent time to turn around and leave before the wrong sort of people show up. Which is why I'm running after them. I'm going to get yelled at, I just know it, but I can't let some idiot with a gun drag off a person I'm supposed to give a ride, no matter what I was told. This is why I'm one of the people who runs around on the ground instead of making plans; I see the short-term and react, regardless of the long-term consequences.

Bleeding doesn't slow me down, only makes a mess of my shirt while my shoulder throbs. There are advantages to being in a vessel. I make it into the back room before the door's had a chance to swing shut, catch a glimpse of the two of them heading towards the door by the loading dock. More people starting to shout back here, but I don't have time to explain while running by. Is it wrong that I'm in a better mood, having been shot and getting a chance to chase someone down, than I was standing around waiting for a contact? Maybe not. It's an Ofanite thing. I could do without the part where my shoulder wants me to pay more attention to it. Definitely asking for a tougher vessel next time.

Dodging pallets gives the man ahead of me more of a lead, which makes no sense, given that he's trying to drag a protesting woman along while I only have me. Maybe he mapped the route ahead of time, while I have to deal with boxes as I come to them. (My resonance says this place is too variable to map me a route between boxes.) When I make it out the back door to the parking lot and loading dock, the white van's pulling away, side door hanging open.

I summon my motorcycle (best feature in a vehicle ever) and follow.

Two blocks later, I realize that I've violated both the "walk away if there's trouble" and the "don't make any disturbance" clauses in this assignment. I'd better get her back before I make it a three for three failure to get the job done. Pulling up my motorcycle doesn't make that much disturbance, but it was probably close enough for anyone in the van who can hear these things to realize I'm not an unusually concerned bystander. They would've figured this out anyway, so no sweat, right?

Definitely going to be yelling. And lectures. And penitential filing assignments.

The van slides through a red light in the middle of traffic, nearly broadsides a postal truck, and I have to swerve around the other side not to do that myself. It's been ages since I had a good car chase, and for all that I'm having trouble moving the fingers on my right hand, it's a lot of fun.

They're heading toward the freeway, where I'll have more trouble stopping them. I speed up, move around to the right. The door's closed now. Wonder if they've had the time to lock it. I edge in until my left leg's nearly scraping the van, and yank on the handle to the door.

That does catch my leg when the door pops out and slides right open, sending me skidding away for half a second until I correct and pull back in. I swing myself into the van, unsummon the motorcycle before it can crash into something, and tackle the man in the back who's trying to keep the woman pinned. He has an arm busy with her, and so when he swings the gun towards me (looking surprised enough that it's gratifying, that he didn't expect this) it's easy as dancing to move in under that, slam his arm against the side of the van with enough of a twist to dislocate it. The man yelps, then again when the woman he's been grappling with finally lands a kick on his knee. She scrambles for the gun; I go for the driver in the front.

He's armed too? Doesn't that just keep things exciting. His first shot goes wild, right past me and out the side of the van, as it's hard to drive and aim at the same time. I can't have him shooting wildly into traffic; someone's going to get hurt. I drop down between the front seats, not much room to maneuver but plenty of access to, say, the stick shift. One more reason to prefer manual transmissions to automatics! It takes a nasty moment of trying to shove a hand past his legs, but there's the clutch.

We're going somewhere under sixty miles per hour; not that fast, but fast enough for surface roads. Shifting into reverse does interesting things to the van's transmission, judging by the noise. It's enough to make me feel sorry for inanimate objects, by the sound of shredding metal coming from the van. The driver grabs at the stick -- too late, I'm thinking -- which gives me enough space to yank on the steering wheel. I can't see anything out the windshield, but as long as we're losing acceleration--

Oh. Wall. Or something like it. We're stopped now, and the driver's slumped over the steering wheel, bleeding, while disturbance rolls past me. Guess totaling the van was my fault, so the Symphony is holding it against me. The windshield has turned into a jigsaw puzzle of cracks, though it's been kind enough not to shatter. I'm not sure I can move my right arm anymore, now that it's been wedged up against the dashboard that hard. No time to worry about that; my left arm's enough to pull me back up, find out what's happening in the back of the van.

She's holding the gun all wrong, dangling out away from her body like it might turn around and bite her. The gunman's curled up on the floor, clutching the arm I dislocated. I climb over his body, and try to offer a reassuring smile. "Would you by any chance be Maria Fernandez?" A hesitant nod, the gun aimed roughly at me. "Great. I'm your ride. Let's get out of here."

I have to offer her a hand before she'll climb out of the van. We're right between a freeway support and the van, barely out of sight of the oncoming crowd of gawkers. I call up my motorcycle before anyone can come back here to see it -- it's not like the disturbance will make much of a difference on top of what I've already caused, though I'm going to get an extra set of yelling for vanishing it in public -- and dig out a helmet for her, put on my own. I can still wiggle the fingers on my right hand. Good sign. She climbs on behind me under her own power, still shaking. "Hold on," I say, once her helmet's fastened, and get moving.

By the time I've hit I-15, the shivering behind me has stopped, transformed into a grip like a starving boa constrictor. It's not making the relentless throb in my right shoulder any less painful. When we get to the Tether, I'm asking for some healing, no matter how much I may have screwed this all up. This hurts.

The woman behind me leans forward, her helmet clacking against mine. "Pull over," she says.

"We haven't even passed 210 yet--"

"Please, I need you to pull over."

I find the next exit, then a gas station where I can park. Before the bike's stopped rolling, she's sliding off, fumbling with the strap on her helmet. I lean forward to help her with the buckle. The instant it's off, she crouches down, and throws up on the pavement.

I put down the kickstand, take off my own helmet. "Are you okay?"

"No," she says, voice hoarse. "Does it look like I'm okay?" She has a lovely voice, even through the edge of near panic. No matter that she's wearing a suit that probably cost more than my nice pair of boots, she wipes her mouth on the back of her jacket sleeve. "They really tried to kill me. I didn't think they'd -- I thought they wouldn't notice so soon."

"Technically," I say, "they tried to kidnap you. Trying to kill you might have progressed from there. These things happen, this line of work."

"Not in my line of work," she says, her breath still fast and shaky. "I'm not some, some thug, I'm a doctor, I do respectable work--"

"Please, no details." I put up one hand. "Sorry, but I was told not to ask." It took me this long to realize I might be picking up a human. "We should keep moving. We're far enough from the crash that they won't converge on us yet, but they have ways of finding people. Ready to go?"

"I don't know," she says. She tucks her hands into her jacket pockets, jangling a set of keys there. "I don't know if I can do this." Her whole face sick, like she's never seen anything like this before. Maybe she hasn't. Not all doctors are the kind to work on damaged people. "Mother of God, you're bleeding..."

"It happens. I'll get over it." I rub the back of my neck, and watch to see if she's going to run. "Sorry about the blood on your suit. Not sure that's going to come out."

"That's okay." She sits down on the curb, hands shaking again. "I can't. I don't think I can do this. I don't know what they're going to do. I didn't think this through."

"Hey." I sit down next to her, helmet on my lap. "Take a deep breath, okay? Now. We have two choices here. One, we get back on the bike and keep moving. This was the original plan, right?"

"What if they catch up? These aren't -- they're not even human, they don't get tired, they just keep coming."

"I know." I take one of her hands, wrap mine around it. "I can keep going just as long, no fatigue making me fuzzy, until we get someplace safe. I've done this sort of thing before. Trust me."

Her eyes go sharp. "Angels are supposed to be terrifying," she says. "The hand of God on the world. Fear not, they said."

"For we bring you good tidings of great joy that will be unto all people, I know." I look down at our hands together, mine still bloody and all my fingernails bitten. Not very fearsome. "Different outfit, that one, and I need to keep this one on if I'm going to keep driving. I'll show you the other one some time if you want." What I want is to be moving right now, but I don't think I can get her back on the motorcycle in this state.

"You said there were two options." Her voice is turning more confident, sharper. It's great that she's getting her feet back under her, but it's going to be inconvenient if she turns argumentative. "So what is there besides going with you?"

"Forget running away, and go back home." I shrug. "Maybe you can convince them that you weren't planning anything, and it won't be hard to convince them that I swiped you from those other guys. I'm not sure what sort of evidence there is against you, but you might be able to get back to doing what you were before."

"You'd let me do that. Walk away."

"Well, I'm not about to give you a ride back if that's your decision, because I need to keep moving. But if you decide that? I'm not going to make you go anywhere you don't want to. It's your choice."

She pulls a keychain out of her pocket, jangling keys attached to a fuzzy rabbit's foot. "Traditionally," she says, voice too even, "people sell their souls to Hell for wealth, power, and love. I just wanted to go to college. I didn't think it was so much to ask for." She turns the rabbit's foot about between her fingers. "I should have a rosary here. I haven't been to church since I signed that contract, you know. I was sure any priest could see what I'd done, if I walked into a holy place. Or that I might catch on fire."

"Not generally," I say. I'm so ready to move, to get on the bike, to keep going. I shift on the curb and wait for her to continue. Some things you can't hurry.

"Is it true?" She has fierce eyes, when she's focusing on me. "Saints and angels and the sacraments, confession and purgatory and heaven and hell, everything they told me in Sunday school. Is it all true?"

Like I'm going to lie to someone about that? "Most of it," I say. "Maybe differing on some of the details. Demons and angels you've met. Some of the rest you won't find out until you die."

"I sold my soul for a scholarship," she says, and laughs, a brittle sound. "Stupid child that I was. I know I'm going to Hell. It's too late to change that."

"You were given free will," I say, and stand up. "Your choices make a difference. It's part of being human. Are you coming with me?"

She stares up at me. Then pulls her helmet back on, and stands up. "Let's go?"

"Thought you'd never ask."

Not ten minutes down the freeway, I catch sight of flashing lights in my rearview mirror. We're not in Los Angeles proper, but still within the sphere of influence around that city. The police car pulls up behind me, lights flashing, and I pull over to the side of the road. Maria twitches as I turn off the engine. "What do they want?" she whispers.

"Don't know. If we're lucky, it's something mundane."

"If we're not lucky?"

"Don't take your helmet off yet."

The police officer who strides up to the motorcycle could have stepped out of any commercial advertising for fine young men and women to join the local force: he has an affable face, and doesn't walk with the strut some cops have. "Morning," he says, noting how I'm keeping my hands on the handlebars right in plain view. I've flipped up the visor on my helmet for more evidence of having nothing to hide. "Could I see your license?"

I dig out one of the two cards in my back pocket, and pass it over. It's a decent forgery, run off from a machine that can do thirty-eight states perfectly and ten more passably. It's also not attached to anything resembling a Role; it shouldn't turn up a thing on his computer. "What seems to be the problem, officer?"

He smiles at me. "Just a routine check," he says. "Something happen to your arm?"

"My little brother thought it was funny," I say. "But I can't afford a new jacket yet." The blood's mostly dried, enough to pass a casual inspection.

"Brothers," he says, and shakes his head. "So where are you off to today?"

"Off to see my parents in Victorville," I say, picking a name off the map in my head for something up ahead. "They finally got the pool put in, so I said I'd bring a friend by for the barbecue." Not that she's dressed for any sort of barbecue, but I can only come up with so much on the fly. Extemporizing is not one of my strong points outside of combat.

He nods, turning my license about in his hand. I can't remember if the state it's for is one of the thirty-eight or one of the ten. "Hold on here while I go back to the car and run this through the computer."

"Sure thing."

She leans forward as soon as he's in the car again. "Do you think he's stalling until someone can come?"

"Might be. Not sure yet."

"So why don't we run?"

"Because if we end up in a chase with the police, it's way too easy to spot a motorcycle in a sea of cars, they pull out the helicopters, and we end up having to ditch the bike and take to the streets looking for a new source of transportation before they catch up with us. So for now, we sit tight." I can sympathize; this goes against my instincts too, enough to make me fidget while waiting for him to come back.

When the officer returns, he's still smiling, but he isn't passing my license back. "Computer turned up a flag," he says, so polite and apologetic. "I'm going to have to ask you to come back to the station with me to work this out. Might be nothing, but when the computer flags it, I have to follow procedure."

"I understand. Should I follow you back to the station, then?"

"If you would, please." He touches the brim of his hat, and returns to the car. The rest of the traffic is giving the right lane space for a hundred yards in each direction, and slowing down to only slightly above the speed limit.

"You can't be meaning to follow him back," she whispers to me, as I start the motorcycle up again.

"A police station this near Los Angeles? Of course not." I follow the police car at a polite distance. "Just hold on."

The police officer takes the next exit. I slide off into the exit lane right behind the car, slide back to the left as soon as that car is past the divider, and crank up the acceleration. This gives me a head start, but only until on him; he can radio ahead for cops from the upcoming towns to go for me. Maria's clutching again, head tucked into the back of my neck as I begin to show off this bike's potential for speed. Traffic's growing heavy again as the day winds towards lunch; I'd never be able to maintain this speed in a car. Fortunately, motorcycles are well suited to zipping in and out of small spaces.

Unfortunately, the cars to motorcycles ratio is high enough that we'll stand out the instant we're in sight of another police car. I take an exit back onto the surface streets, then find a nice out-of-the-way alley to stop. Smelly, but private. It'll do. "Time to find new transportation," I say, stripping off my bloody jacket. My shirt's just as ruined, but it's less obvious on a tie-dye shirt than on a blue jacket. Call it an artistic statement. I stuff the jacket into the compartment under the seat with my helmet, and vanish it all away as soon as Maria's helmet is stowed. "Now, I don't suppose you know how to hot-wire a car?"

"No idea," she says. "Surely it's not very, um, angelic, to steal cars?"

"Depends on who you ask." I scratch at the wound in my shoulder. Yup, still hurts. "I have cash for a taxi, and once we get sufficiently far away, I can call someone who has an actual car, or grab the motorcycle again."

She nods slowly, arms wrapped around herself. "What do we do if--"

I don't know what she was going to say. She takes a step forward, mouth still open, at the crack of a silenced gun, fresh blood creeping across her jacket and blouse. A second shot, not even aimed at me, and she's down on the ground, I'm fast enough to catch her before she hits but wasn't fast enough to keep her from being shot. I'm the one who's supposed to catch bullets, not the fragile human with one body to preserve before they have to give up on the world.

Maria Fernandez has wide, frightened eyes, like a child in the dark. I don't know what to do. I don't have any Song that can heal her, I barely even know first aid. Nothing that will help while she's bleeding here in my lap. Her hand grabs mine, barely strong enough to pull it away from her chest towards -- I don't know what. I don't know what, and she stops pulling, eyes wide and blank.

"I can't shoot you in the back," says the man behind me, such a lazy, confident statement. If I had to judge by voice alone, I'd call him a Balseraph. The Symphony's sure this human has been killed by someone who shouldn't be mucking about on the corporeal, by the way it's clamoring around me. No more Hellsworn. "I mean, I could, but where's the drama in that? You might as well turn around and make a good showing of it."

"Didn't stop you from shooting her in the back." My hand clenches, and I hit the lump of keys and keychain in her pocket. I don't look up yet, only curl my hand into the pocket and pull those keys out.

"I can do what I want with my own property," he says. "If she wanted a prettier death, she shouldn't have tried to cheat her way out of a contract."

I stand up, and turn around. His suit's as crisp as hers once was, his hair's perfectly in place, and I'll bet that shiny car at the corner of the alleyway is his. This is the third time today that I've had a gun pointed at me. "Better," he says. "Did you want any last words? I expect nothing impressive from an angel stupid enough to show up in this territory, but for the sake of formalities, I ask."

"Heads up," I say, and my motorcycle appears again. Right over the arm holding the gun.

My Dad once told me, gravity's not the enemy. It's a boundary to work with, like the meter of a poem or the music to a dance. My bike follows the rules of gravity and drops down to the ground, right across that arm. I can hear the snap of bone before the crunch of the motorcycle hitting the pavement. More to the point, the keys in my hand are now a little more in tune with the Word of Creation, helping me say: no. Don't. Stop.

I'm too late. I'm much too late. But it's still immensely satisfying to beat that demon's face in before he can recover from his broken arm. By the time he's stopped moving, there's nothing left of his face. They'll have to ID him from fingerprints.

Doesn't matter much. She's still dead. I stand up with a bloody hand, and I don't know where to go now. Her keys are covered in bits of skin and muscle, the poor little rabbit's foot speckled in more blood. I wipe it clean on my jeans. Best I can do right now.

And it snaps off the keychain, dropping down onto the ground while one fuzzy bit sticks to the rest of the chain. I crouch down to pick up the part that fell.

It's a USB memory stick, shiny metal waiting to be plugged into some computer. That's what she was pulling me toward, even while she was dying -- or maybe she wasn't, maybe she only wanted someone's hand to hold. I don't know.

The keys are in the BMW's ignition. I leave both bodies where they are, and drive back to the freeway. Time to find the nearest Lightning Tether.

#

Mannie's the sort of person who understands when I need to curl up on his couch and cling for a while. "You didn't do too badly," he says.

"I screwed up nine ways from Sunday. Disturbance all over the place, evidence strewn here and there, two bodies in an alleyway, and I didn't even get her out. Broke all the rules they gave me and still didn't complete the primary mission objective." I'm not sure Ofanim are supposed to cling, but that's what I'm doing and what makes me feel better. I'll go back to pacing soon enough. Right now where I need to be is curled up in his lap, with one hand moving through my hair, his way of telling me he's still listening.

"You got the data out, though."

"Yeah. Whatever it was." They thanked me for bringing it in once they had a chance to look at the stick, and then sent me on my way. Healed vessel, fresh set of clothing, and nothing more than that. I wish someone had showed up to yell at me. It might have made me feel better. My weekly report will look awful. "Presumably something they wanted. But I still didn't get her out."

"She's the one who chose to take the risk," Mannie says. He knows all about taking risks, about deciding to run away from your old life and see if you can make it out alive. "It's not your fault."

"I could have been faster. Smarter. Something. I didn't even hear that demon coming up behind us."

"And maybe you could have ended up in Trauma, with her dead anyway. What's done is done, and you did your best." He lectures because he cares, and so I take it in the spirit it's meant. It's almost enough to make me feel better. But not quite.

"You know what the worst part is?" I feel so small and helpless, here where I should feel safe. I couldn't get a simple job done. "What's worst is not knowing what happened to her afterward. I mean, was trying to get the information out enough to hit her destiny? Was becoming Hellsworn enough for her fate? Did she hit both, or neither, or just the one? If she's going to Heaven, it could be days or centuries before I find out. If her soul's disbanded, reincarnated, going to Hell... I'll never know. So I can wait forever and still not be sure."

"We all make our choices," Mannie says. "You can't be responsible for any soul but your own. What she chose to do is done, and there's no changing it." He hesitates, trying to come up with the practical solution that'll make me feel better. I need to cheer up soon, or he'll be unhappy on my account, and I don't want that. "You can put in a request, in Heaven, that they let you know if she does come through. It might never come to anything, but if she were to arrive, they'd send word."

"I'll do that." I slip out of his lap, go to pacing around the room in a seven-point pattern that comes back to Mannie three times in the pattern. I'll do better next time. That's all I can do. "They're probably going to assign me a month of filing once they finish reviewing this. I should have known better than to make that much noise that close to Los Angeles."

"You should have let me know you were going there," Mannie says, watching me pace. He has a notebook at hand, but hasn't even opened it, only watches me. That's the sort of sign that fills me up with the fire I've been needing all day, burning away all the cold dried blood that's built up inside of me.

"You only would have worried," I say, and manage a smile. "Then you couldn't concentrate on work."

"You still should have told me," he says, as I pass by him in the orbit. Just like I knew he would. And I keep on moving on.

"You're going to owe me for this one," Mannie said. He put one hand to the bloody streak along Hari's head, and sang healing. "If you feel obliged to seduce anything with a pretty face that happens to cross your path, so be it, but stay away from the Host."

"If you think I'm going to take on any Geas--"

"Strictly informal," Mannie said. He grimaced, and pulled out a handkerchief to wipe the blood off his fingers. "I could have ignored your call, you know. I was in the middle of an experiment I'll have to start from scratch. Though I'll admit the sheer novelty of hearing you screaming for help inside my head was enough to make me curious. Did you somehow fail to realize that she was an angel?"

"No," Hari said. "I knew."

#

She'd been one of a mass of nurses at the hospital, a minor obstacle to watch for and avoid if necessary, until he'd heard the gentle chime of disturbance from one of the wards as he passed. Careful investigation narrowed down the possibilities until he was sure of which nurse it had been.

She had a very pretty face.

The way she reacted to his flirting removed certain possibilities, and an arranged encounter with two of his rougher servants in a dark alley confirmed his suspicions. She didn't strike back once, sang them into a slumber, and fled. Once he knew she was a Mercurian, he couldn't resist.

#

"I see. And you were planning on telling me when?"

"When it became relevant," Hari said, and shrugged. "I'm going to need another dose, at the very least. Possibly two."

"Which I'll be spacing out far enough apart to make sure the disturbance doesn't travel far. In case you hadn't noticed, there's something of an aggressive presence outside looking for you, and I'd rather not be caught in that wake. Or would you prefer to call in one of your underlings to do this for you? I'd love to hear you explain this story to them." His brother collapsed into an armchair, pulled out some pad of paper to begin scribbling on. "Once again, you've thrown off my schedule without even trying."

"So very sorry," Hari said. He sat down in the armchair opposite, no matter that the fabric would be left stained. "Next time I'll try to arrange attacks on my person more conveniently for your schedule."

"Or you could avoid them in the first place," Mannie said, not looking up. "Have you gone and compromised our Roles, then?"

#

The city was large enough that minor nobility could blend into an undistinguishable mass easily enough, and she seemed content to leave him a mystery. Resonating her would have been dangerous, but he'd had plenty of opportunity to learn the handling -- without resonance use -- of people touchier and more suspicious. He took his time, pushed her gently in the correct direction, and was rewarded with the expected response.

Angels were easier to manipulate that humans, sometimes. They didn't have the same set of prejudices, knew how to shield themselves from little matters of public opinion. He took to speaking with her in private, meeting now and then for... discussions. Mostly discussions. Theology and philosophy and politics, nothing more serious than any young aristocrat might play at debating.

She had a pleasant figure, an easy laugh, and no head for arguments. He won their little debates more often than not, took care to pretend at losing a few. There was a delight in seeing how she began to more quickly grasp his neatly laid paths of logic. And that she told no one about them, no one at all.

#

"Possibly," Hari said, pragmatism finally beating out shame. "While I didn't speak of my Role... . Well. She is a Mercurian. It's difficult to say how much she might have picked up on."

"More good news. If my day becomes any better, I may die of sheer joy." Mannie flipped to another sheet of paper, and shouted, "Children!"

A clatter on the stairs turned into two small boys, who lingered in the doorway. "We were playing with the kittens," mumbled the smaller boy, and the older one cuffed him casually across the face.

"Yes, father?" The older child had a lingering smile, and wet sleeves.

"Go take the cook's child out to the garden, and play. Somewhere you can be easily seen by passersby. Play... politely. Keep an eye out for any strangers who stop to watch for long, or linger too near the house. And don't break anything, or I'll have you tossed back to Hell and acquire a gremlin who can be more careful, understood?"

The two of them nodded quickly, and clattered away.

"Now," said Mannie, once those two were well out of ear-shot, "do you want to explain to me precisely why you believed this was a good idea? I know you're not stupid, but you're certainly looking the fool now. Give me a glimmer of enlightenment. What reason did you have for following a course of action that even those two could name as idiotic?"

#

He'd let her win two arguments, and then found she was dancing lightly about every point he put forward on a third. A quiet night in her little apartment, the one she shared with some unnamed roommate he'd never met, theoretical chaperone for an unmarried young woman of reasonable prospects. He was doing her an honor in being there, and having his cultivated words so easily dodged grew... irritating.

And so, in a fit of frustration, he threw a wave of obsessive affection at her, to move the evening on to more useful activities.

The Mercurian smiled up at him sweetly. She said, in a low voice, "I had always wondered..."

And threw him into the wall.

#

"What I do in my own time is no business of yours," Hari said. He wondered, as Mannie stood up, but it was only to sing another wave of healing. "Besides," he added, in a conciliatory tone (because the ring he wore had turned a deep red), "Mercurians are so easy to push. It's hard to resist giving it a try."

"Perhaps there's some looming Impudite scarcity, which no one has seen fit to inform me of," Mannie said, seating himself again. "Or were you planning on engaging in some project that would require vast Essence resources? Trying to study the effects of Falling on your average Servitor of War?"

"I didn't know she was a Mercurian of War."

"Obviously. Would you have tried the same game if you had known? Who did you think she was serving?"

Hari hadn't given much thought to the matter. One Mercurian was much like another. Weak, helpless against humans, easily swayed by gentle smiles until they'd slipped so far there was no chance of recovery. "Does it matter now?"

#

"How interesting," she said, as he picked himself up from the floor. "This will be exciting." And while he was still composing a suitable response, slapped him across the face, hard enough to throw him into the wall again.

He sent a wave of emptiness at her, and she shrugged it off as if it were nothing at all. "That's one of the problems with demons," she said, and watched him struggle up, a playful smile on her face. The same expression she'd worn when they'd argued over politics and both known it to be a game. "You fledge at seven Forces, and so by the time you hit nine or ten, you imagine yourselves to be so... powerful. Forgetting that the youngest angel starts with nine. Little Habbalite, do you want to guess how many Forces I have?"

The next swipe caught him for all that he was trying to back away, and she stood in the doorway before him. He took advantage of the combat to send off a single, desperate message to his brother, hoped she'd take the disturbance for nothing more than the damage being done to the room.

Taking to celestial form seemed unwise, in her presence.

#

"Of course it matters," Mannie snapped. "Because having learned the response from a Mercurian of that Word, you might try the novel concept of learning from experience, to not make the same mistake again. Ideally, there wouldn't be an again, but I'm not optimistic."

Footsteps clattered towards them, and the younger of the two boys stood in the door, bouncing on his heels. "Pardon me," he said, breathlessly, "but there's strangers lurking about. Outside. We two made sure they only got to have a good look at the cook's girl, so they're not like to note much, but they have a fierce glare to them when they look at people."

"Bring your brother inside, and go back to playing elsewhere. Quietly. And stay sharp, understood?" Mannie didn't spare a glance for the child.

"Yes, sir." The boy ran off again, haphazard scampering in the style of one never entirely accustomed to movement on two feet.

"If you've brought a pack of Malakim down on these Roles--"

"Of course not," Hari said, more confidently than he felt. "They'll pass through the area, looking for me, and once I'm not found they'll leave. I'll keep to the lab for a few days, and be cautious until I'm sure they're well out of the way." He curled one hand into a fist, and saw the lingering red mark down his arm. "You seem prepared to deal with any of the Host who happen to show up at the door."

"Yes," Mannie said. "But I would rather not."

#

She was absurdly beautiful when she was throwing him against things, and as cheerful as she'd ever been in one of their conversations, or at the bedside of a patient needing to be coaxed into good spirits. She was toying with him, waiting for him to stand up before she struck again. He'd never thought it worth packing weaponry to these meetings, and was beginning to regret the decision.

"What did you think I was?" she asked, as he wiped blood out of his eyes. "A Servitor of Stone or Flowers, that I would never strike first? Or maybe that because of my Choir, I'd never strike at all. My Lord knows that even his most peaceful servants need to defend themselves." She smiled down at him. "I think we're nearly done with this game, don't you? Though it was entertaining while it lasted." She had a small bruise on her face, from the one time he'd managed to hit her, and nothing more to show for the fight than that. Even her hair was still neatly braided and pinned in place.

Disturbance howled around the two of them, and the door exploded.

He couldn't see anything through the smoke, couldn't hear through the noise, but one hand grabbed his, a burst of Song pulled his fractured arm back into something reliable again, and he followed, running, where he was taken. Was gratified to hear another explosion as they pounded down the rickety staircase, and if burning down an apartment complex might leave the city ringing with disturbance, it was preferable to the alternative.

"You idiot," said his brother, as they ran. "What were you doing?"

#

"I can only spend so much time preparing explosions for your benefit," Mannie said. "If you might recall, lab security is designed to secure the lab. Not your... hobbies."

"I'll be less direct, next time," Hari said. More to himself than to the other. "Far more efficient to send in Hellsworn and let them take any injury, do the Mercurian more damage beside. Less entertaining that way, but more effective."

"Have you even been listening to me?" Mannie stood up. "Of course you haven't. You never learn. But you owe me, and here's how I expect payment: come to the lab and do your own work for once. For a week, if you can concentrate for that long. We're falling behind schedule, and I'm not about to let the reward we know is waiting slip away because you can't be bothered to put in your share."

"You need to learn to delegate, Mannie." Hari followed along, turning over plans and strategies in his mind. If one experiment failed, it was simply time to try a new approach.

And Mercurians were so... entertaining.

Niele wasn't entirely surprised when she woke to find herself chained securely to a chair, all but one of her Essence drained from the encounter with that dreadfully convincing Impudite. The spotlight was unpleasant in her eyes, but not so bright as to affect her ability to scan the room. If they meant to interrogate her, well, she'd taken the classes about how to deal with such an event, and the extra lectures for young Seraphim. Even for one who could speak no lies, there were ways to deal with questioning.

A door opened on the far side of the room, and in strode some demon she hadn't seen during her investigation. Tall, thin, formally dressed. Probably a Balseraph, from vessel-shape and his haughty expression. A young woman followed him, clutching a set of flat panels under her arm, and Niele allowed herself a morbid moment of curiosity as to which of the many methods she'd studied they intended to use on her.

The taller demon stopped a few feet ahead of her, held out a small, square box, and pressed a button. Niele did not flinch.

A light snapped on over the two demons. This was not quite what she'd expected.

"Right, then," said the likely Balseraph. "Tina, set things up." He dropped the box back into one pocket, and pulled out a notebook and pen. Flipped to a particular page. "I have far more interesting things to do with my time, so let's try to get through this quickly, why don't we?"

"What do you intend to get through?" Niele asked, and watched as the smaller demon -- Tina -- began to unpack the flat set of... boards. And cards. There was a certain fascination to watching Tina drop items repeatedly on the floor in the process of putting whatever-it-was together.

"Standard set of questions." And this was... true. "Now. Let's see. You are a Seraph of Lightning, correct?"

"I am not obligated to answer any of your questions, demon."

"No, couldn't be cooperative, could they," muttered the demon. "That would make things too easy." He flicked the pen across the page. "Quite correct. You have no obligation to answer any of these questions. However, I'm obligated to ask them, so let's do what we can. Role name?"

"I shall not answer that."

"Real name?"

Niele tried to watch his face, but the fascination continued as Tina finally managed to put together... an easel. What looked to be a simple easel, requiring perhaps two steps to assemble, though it had begun to look battered for having been dropped on the floor so many times. "Why should I give that to you?"

"It's traditional for me to refer to you by name. It's in the script." True, and Niele schooled her face into a blank Elohite-worthy mask. The Vapulans were scripting their interrogations now? There was, perhaps, a certain practicality to this, and she wondered how many different scripts there were, and if said scripts had been made modular to accommodate various circumstances and prisoners.

"Niele," she said. "And yours?"

"You may call me Mannie, if you insist on conversation. I'll let you know when I reach the parts of the script where there's space allowed for your witty rejoinders. You may wish to prepare a few now." He frowned, and began scribbling his way through the notebook. "Essence reserves, time of capture, physical condition -- are you injured in any way?"

"No," she said.

"Ah. Good. I can skip the follow-up questions. Means of capture, initial behavior, attunements -- would you care to let me know of any attunements you have beyond the basic one granted by virtue of your Choir and Superior?"

"I would not care to do so."

"They never do. I don't know why they insist on leaving that question in." He flipped a page in the notebook. "Do you have any questions before we begin?"

She considered this for a moment. "None that I choose to ask at this time."

"I'll be grateful for small favors." Mannie tucked away the notebook, and pulled out a thin metal tube. Pressed a button--

She was glad she hadn't flinched when it turned out to be a laser pointer. "Tina," he said, "first card."

And the little demon, oddly endearing in her fumbling, carefully placed a set of wide cards on the easel.

The first one read, "Welcome to Your Personally Customized Deathtrap!"

Niele stared at the card.

Mannie sighed, and then set his shoulders up straight. "Welcome to your personally customized deathtrap, Niele," he said, and she didn't have to be an Elohite to notice the contempt seeping through his words. "Though it's only a variation on the standard plan," he added more quietly.

"You... intend to explain a deathtrap to me?"

"Yes. Tina, next card."

The second card was a cartoonish design for a basic trapdoor, complete with remote operation mechanism. "To begin with," said Mannie, "the floor beneath you will drop you into the pit below. Next card." A brief moment of fumbling as Tina juggled the two sheets of paper. "The bottom of the pit is lined with spikes. I'm told this is traditional. They are not, however, coated with poison. Nor are they electrified, despite my recommendations, on account of this being, and I quote, unsporting. Next card."

Niele cleared her throat. "If I may interrupt to ask a question?" Though she was curious as to what was filling the spiked pit in the next diagram.

"Oh, certainly." Mannie folded his arms. "I'm listening."

"You are... presenting to me the deathtrap I'm sitting above?"

"Correct."

"Into which you intend to place me?"

"Correct."

"...why?"

The demon's expression turned positively irate. "Because I have been assigned this particular research project. Therefore, I /will/ conduct this research to the best of my ability, regardless of my... opinions on the matter. Now." The little red dot swept across the current card. "Shortly after the spiked landing, the pit will begin filling with water. Sea water, to be precise. From these vents here. You'll note that the size of the openings and the water pressure prevent those openings from being a viable escape route, and our last few tests bear this out. As always, we're open to recording new data. Next card, Tina."

"If I may interrupt again--" Niele stopped. "Are those sharks?"

"...yes." And that sounded like embarrassment, under the irritation. "As you can see, they enter through these gates, which are only opened once sufficient water level has been reached. This is an automated procedure. While the shark entrances do constitute a valid exit point for the pit, they only lead to water-filled chambers full of more sharks, so this is unlikely to be a useful course of action to the hopeful escapee. Next card."

"What could you possibly be researching with this setup?"

"The viability of deathtraps against celestials," Mannie said.

Niele considered the truth of the matter. "That's... stupid."

"No doubt those who put together the proposal for this project and assigned it to various research groups have data that would prove otherwise." Sarcasm dripped metaphorically from his voice. "Now, at this point these apertures near the top of the pit open to mist acid into the water below. The comparative volumes of acid and water means this is nothing more than a minor nuisance to anyone able to put their head underwater and only raise it with some article of clothing draped above, but apparently acid is traditional. Next card."

"Isn't that bad for the sharks?"

"Quite. Do you have any idea how hard it is to keep this thing stocked with reasonably healthy aggressive sharks?"

"Not without researching the matter, no. Though I would imagine that transporting sea creatures to a land-locked state would require significant resources. Ones disproportionate to the expected results. What kind of sharks?"

"I have no idea. Some aggressive species, judging by earlier tests." Mannie flicked the laser pointer at the diagram on this card. "At this point, the chute aligned over the mouth of the pit -- if you look up, you can see it -- drops several hundred kilograms of small rocks into the pit, in theory completely burying the person still stuck at the bottom, spiked, drowned, shark-mauled, and acid-misted. In practice, this does in most of the sharks that the acid doesn't. Next card."

The final card said The End! above a flashy stylized sigil of Vapula.

"That concludes our presentation. We now begin the script of villainous banter." Mannie pulled out a set of note cards. "Do you have any last words before you die?" He gave her an arch look. "This is your cue for a witty rejoinder. I can wait if you haven't come up with anything."

"I was spending the time you suggested I use for preparing said witty rejoinders to study the design of this deathtrap. Wouldn't, say, molten metal be more effective than water, as a reliable method of destroying a vessel?"

"Yes. But it wouldn't accommodate sharks."

"It doesn't appear that the sharks are being much accommodated anyway."

"Well. Not very, no. Tina, pack the props out."

The two of them watched the little demon disassemble the easel. It took her five attempts. She scurried out the door, cards and easel in hand, and ran into the doorway on the way out.

"I would hypothesize that someone in your chain of command is holding a grudge."

"You have no idea," Mannie said. He examined his note cards. "This flowchart doesn't work unless you provide some sort of rejoinder, you realize. I can settle for defiant if you can't manage witty."

"May I ask another question, first?"

"Certainly."

"What happens if someone does escape from the deathtrap?"

"Ah. Then we kill that individual's vessel through more conventional means. This is not the sort of deathtrap that is left unattended while I go on to complete my nefarious plan. Certain aspects of tradition were deemed negotiable for security reasons."

"...but not the sharks?"

He sighed. "Not the sharks. Or at least water-faring carnivores; certain variations use piranhas or crocodiles instead." Mannie put the note cards away. "Biology isn't my field."

"Have you ever considered changing your field of work?"

"If you're not going to even try for a rejoinder, I'll mark that section off as 'uncooperative' on the data sheet." He pulled out the box again. "Mind the drop." Pushed a button.

The floor dropped out from beneath her.

Niele threw her weight back, used what friction she could against the wall to slow her fall, and still hit the bottom hard. The chair shattered beneath her, leaving her wrists locked together but the coils of chain around her torso loose. She staggered to her feet, dimly aware that one of her arms was bleeding from the hole where a spike had hit. And such neatly spaced spikes they were, that she could step around them with care.

Water began gushing down the walls around her.

"Isn't it counter-productive to drop someone in a spiked pit and then provide them with a way to float out?" she shouted.

"Yes," said the demon, peering down at her from the hole where the trapdoor had let her fall. She could see him making more notes. "If I may be honest, I quite prefer your idea of molten steel, but I don't think my supervisor would agree to the change."

"Because of the sharks?"

"Exactly."

The water was already up to her knees. High pressure indeed. "I would like to point out to you at this moment the marvelous job opportunities available in Lightning for celestials with a practical turn of mind," she called. "If you would assist me in getting out of this pit no more harmed than I already am, I'd put in a good word for you with the Boss."

"While I appreciate the offer, my current employer frowns on interviewing with the competition," Mannie said. "However, I feel obliged to offer you the same terms, should you be in the market for a new work arrangement."

"No thank you," Niele said, and ducked down in waist-deep water to slam the links of her handcuffs against one of the spikes. "I find my current Superior more suited to my needs."

"I imagine so. You have to deal with all sorts of incompetent idiots in my workplace." Mannie crouched down on the edge of the pit. "Would you mind looking up here for a moment?"

She glanced up into his eyes, hoping he wouldn't notice that the links on the cuffs had begun to break. "Did you need something?"

"No," he said, "but apparently you did. And not what I'd expected." Mannie stood up. "I'll let the automated systems take it from here. If you could chase a shark or two back into their pens before the rocks fall, I'd appreciate that. Bloody expensive, those sharks." And he disappeared from the edge.

Niele twisted her hands free just as the shark gates opened.

In more leisurely circumstances, she would have attempted to spare innocent creatures. However, bleeding and surrounded by aggressive sharks, Niele regretfully sent a burst of electricity running through the water as they approached. Remote Control would have been more useful than Generator at the beginning of this affair, but that was one less thing to worry about.

A hiss of misting acid alerted her to the next part of the trap, and the Seraph ducked down under the water. Stared up at the tiny droplets spattering against the choppy surface of the water. When her vessel couldn't hold out against the need for air any longer, she broke the surface again, jacket held over her head. Gulped air, and dove back down.

The chute lingered silently overhead. Niele suspected it would let loose well before she was within lunging distance of the edge of the pit.

A door crashed open somewhere overhead, and the sound had never been more welcome. She caught the faint garbled noise of shouting through the water, and resurfaced to hear, "Niele! Are you in here?" Ezekiel's voice hadn't hit panicked, but was nearing that point.

"Down here! Hurry!" The jacket began to sizzle above her, and she ducked back underwater to rinse it off, wondered what sort of acid the demon had chosen to use for this purpose.

A moment later the Malakite's face appeared above her. One hand reached down, drew back hastily with a curse as the acid mist hit it. He pulled off his jacket, leaned back down with it dangling, and twitched as the acid begin to prick and bubble at his arm. "Can you reach?"

Niele wished desperately for Essence to throw into the effort, and lunged up as far as she could. Caught the end of the sleeve. Held on for dear life, her eyes closed against the acid, as Ezekiel pulled her up through the mist.

At the edge of the pit, one hand caught her wrist, then her other wrist, and the Malakite pulled her the rest of the way out. She sat at the edge of the pit, shuddering and dripping.

There was a faint rumble from above. And then a mighty whoosh in front of her face as rocks poured out of the chute into the pit below.

"Thank you," she said, faintly.

"Damn insane Vapulans. Are you -- you're bleeding, Niele."

She got to her feet with Ezekiel's help, leaning heavily on his arm. More from nerves than damage, she suspected. "It isn't a large wound. Did you see either of them? Two, one a tall man, the other a shorter woman."

"Didn't see anyone here when I arrived. I was more focused on finding you. I'm sorry I was so late, I had to figure out--"

"Don't be." She wrapped her fingers tight into his. "I tried to stall for as long as I was able without raising suspicion, but I believe... He realized I was trying to keep him there, at the end."

"Damn insane sneaky Vapulans who won't stay put to be skewered like they ought--"

She laughed, coughed as a bit of water that had made its way into her lungs found its way out again. "I'm glad you weren't dressed for your Role today. Your usual jackets wouldn't stand up to my weight. Let's go, Ezekiel. We don't know what reinforcements may be returning, and we'll want to call in more support of our own, if the situation warrants."

"You are injured," he said, as if this were more important than the potential for needless danger. "We'll check in as soon as we reach a phone booth, and I'll find someone to heal that for you."

They walked out together through the door he'd kicked down, her hand wrapped tight in his, and a gun held at the ready in his other hand. "Why were they dropping you in water, anyway?" he asked, after checking the hallway for any signs of trouble.

"It was for the sharks."

"...sharks?"

"I'll explain later, Virtue," Niele said. And followed him back outside. It was going to be time to submit another one of the interesting reports, this week.

"So, my adversary. We meet again." Mannie flipped to the next note card. "Your cue for a witty response."

"I haven't acquired any witty responses," Niele said, and tugged irritably at her chains. "I've been busy."

"What, with all that time you had to come up with something? I'm disappointed. Really, I expected more of you, Niele." The demon sighed, and flipped through several more cards. "Well. That invalidates this entire series. One cannot play off witty or defiant remarks when none occur."

"I would have thought you'd be glad to skip ahead, Mannie." She found it strange to be on a first-name basis with a demon, and one she'd only met a single time before, but every second counted when it came to stalling. It was a pity that she couldn't think of anything witty. "Or do you not have anything more important to do?"

"Not since your side burned down that last location. It was determined that this particular not-a-failure-but-a-setback occurred due to my negligence in pursuing the research diligently enough. Consequently, no, I have nothing better to do than go through these scripts with you."

"I shall attempt to think of a suitable response." Niele sorted through her scanty knowledge of appropriate fiction. "If I may quote, 'You're mad! Mad! You'll never get away with this!' Is that sufficiently defiant for your purposes?"

"Quite." Mannie shuffled through the cards. "Ah, yes. At this point I begin the monologue about my nefarious plans, how the world will tremble before me and know the rightness of my power, et cetera, et cetera. As I'm no Habbalite, I'll skip the ranting, and we may simply imagine that it has occurred."

Niele shook her head at him. "Mannie, it doesn't sound as if your heart is in this."

"Would you find this intellectually stimulating?" The demon folded his arms. "If they wanted an effective deathtrap, I could build one. If they simply wanted a method to confuse and terrify a captive angel, I could build that too. But no, they require traditional methods, no matter how inane. I find it difficult to put enthusiasm into this project."

"Though you do seem to be pursuing it... diligently."

"If I'm performing research, I might as well perform it as well as the parameters I've been given allow."

The Seraph shifted in the chair. "Once again, I would like to point out that my employer offers pleasant working conditions, and is highly unlikely to assign you to any research project as stupid as this. Ever."

"So noted. And should I point out that this is the second time you've tried to convince me to switch sides while you're chained up and facing an unpleasant end? If perhaps one you managed to evade last time." Mannie pulled out a note card. "But see who's caught now, foolish angel! You'd dare to challenge the brilliance of the Genius Archangel and his servants?"

"They actually wrote that in the script?"

"Yes. It usually follows a defiant remark about the power of the captured celestial's Superior. It seemed the most appropriate." He tucked the stack of note cards away into his jacket. "I suspect you're stalling again. Any particular reason?"

"Yes," she said. "On another note, it seems cruel to subject crocodiles to this sort of arrangement."

"It likely is. But I'm not the one who argued to include them."

The two of them took a moment to peer over into the crocodile pit. Down below, the animals slept peacefully.

"Have they ever eaten anyone?"

"Well. They did take a hand off of Tina when they were being unpacked. I'm not sure she counts." Mannie leaned back against the wall. "It was hardly worth fixing that loss. I can't see how one-handedness could make her any clumsier."

Somewhere in the distance, an explosion boomed.

"Well," Mannie said. "Either the plasma generator overloaded again, or your friends have shown up. Which means that I'm about to be jumped by angels again, or this entire building is about to catch on fire. I'd rather not wait around to find out which. I suppose I ought to push you into the crocodile pit before I go. For the sake of propriety and all that."

"I'd rather you not," Niele said.

The demon gave her a strange little smile. "Done." And then he walked out of the room, as casually as that.

A minute later, Ezekiel broke down the door, one of the local Windies right behind him. "That way," she said, gesturing with her chin to the door in the opposite wall. "He just left." And the Malakite was off running, while the Windy crouched down to pick the locks on her chains.

When they caught up with Ezekiel, following the disturbance they'd heard, he was standing in a hallway, eyes hazy. "Went celestial," he said, and staggered towards them. "I mean. It did. I did. That. Ow. Kinda heavy-hitter, that direction."

Niele ran to catch him as he staggered. "What happened?"

"He ran! Eventually. Um. Ow." The Malakite gestured vaguely in the air. "Lost. Um. A Force, I think. Feels like. Head's fuzzy. Ow."

His words were garbled, but the Truth was clear behind them, and Niele shuddered. "Right. We're going home now, to speak with the Boss. What kind of Force did you lose?"

"Ethereal? I think. 's okay. Got two left."

"Ow," agreed the Windy, and waved them away, after passing two Essence to Niele for the jump. "Go, get him taken care of. Me and my friends can take care of this place."

"Mind the crocodiles."

"We will. I mean, trust me, baby, we can think of better things to do with crocodiles."

Niele chose not to examine the truth of that statement too closely, and ascended to her Heart. Was relieved when Ezekiel appeared across the room a moment later, and in this form she could see the damage.

It was going to be another week for interesting reports.

She received word that Jean would see her within a few moments of turning Ezekiel over to a concerned Kyriotate with appropriate Songs of healing. Let her wings ruffle nervously, and slithered briskly to the appropriate conference room. Bowed before her Superior.

"Do you intend to make a habit of being caught and put into deathtraps?" he asked.

"No. I'm afraid Ezekiel intends to continue rescuing me from them, given the opportunity. And regardless of the wisdom of such a thing." She let the tip of her tail twitch irritably, knowing full well how much he could read regardless of what her body language showed. "While I didn't intend to be captured again, I did intend to use the opportunity to press certain issues with the demon. I think he might be salvageable. I don't know if I'll see him a third time, though." She ducked her head low. "I may have let my enthusiasm for that possibility overwhelm my good instincts."

"Perhaps. Don't pursue the matter further. If he is a possibility..." Her Archangel made a small gesture with his hand. "There are others better suited to the task."

"I'm sorry, Boss."

"The error was minor. But you ought to show more caution. Don't take matters into your own hands when you ought to call for assistance."

When she lifted her head again, he was gone.

Niele hissed a quiet sigh to herself, and went to see how Ezekiel was doing.

The volume of his ranting indicated a successful recovery, though he'd need time or the Boss to recover that lost Force. She slid into the lounge to find him pacing around the Kyriotate, who'd turned a distressed shade of purple. "I am going to find him and stab him and shoot him and rip those pointy horns right off his green head and -- Niele! Are you all right?" All his black feathers had gone anxious and fluffy.

"I'm perfectly unharmed. You're the one I ought to be asking after." A few words connected. "He wasn't a Balseraph?"

"Lilim. Damned insane Vapulan Lilim and I'm going to find him and stab him and shoot him and see if he likes losing a few Forces because next time I'm taking more friends--"

Niele settled down into an uneasy coil. The way he'd said -- but she had no Geas settled around her. "Hush," she said. "You have healing to do before that's appropriate."

"I can go back now and find him--"

"Ezekiel, my Virtue, perhaps you ought to make battle plans when you haven't just lost an Ethereal Force."

He stared at her for a moment, and then scratched the back of his head. "Um. Maybe so. But. You okay?"

"Unharmed." She shrugged a ripple through all the length of her body. "Disappointed."

"What, that you couldn't talk it over?"

"Partly that. And." She ducked her head under one wing in embarrassment. "I was looking forward to hearing about the new deathtrap."

They gathered around the edges of the steaming crater to watch for any signs of life.

"I think that's all of them," said Strange, after a few circuits of the diameter. "I mean, when that thing overloaded--"

"Boom?" suggested Gamma.

"More like 'whumph'. Do we even know what they were doing with a freeze-ray?"

"They're Vapulans," Ezekiel said. "Do they need a reason?" He straightened his tie, and pulled out a handkerchief. Began to wipe his hands clean of blood. "Explaining away the crater will be entertaining."

"Time to get the cars," Zif said, and the two Ofanim rushed off to take care of that. "That much disturbance, and we're liable to have people investigating from miles away."

Mannie took a few steps back from the crater, hands in his pockets. "It was an interesting design. Pathetically flawed, but interesting. I might put together a prototype with fewer flaws in the power-channeling mechanisms and see what I can do with that."

"Still playing with Vapulan toys, I see."

Mannie gave the Malakite a sharp look. "Are you always this unpleasant to coworkers, or is it just me?"

"Only to those who deserve it."

Zif stifled a sigh, and hustled both of them into the back seat of Gamma's car. "I'll ride with Strange, and catch up with you back at the Tether. Play nicely with each other."

They waited until the car had begun moving (a very small period of time, with an Ofanite at the wheel) to resume glaring at each other.

"If you insist on reading my honor for old misdeeds--"

"This has nothing to do with what I can read."

Mannie blinked. "Wait. Have we met? I mean, before... ." He gestured vaguely.

"You... don't remember."

"Well. No. Not particularly. I've encountered several Malakim, in various circumstances, many of them of Lightning. I don't even know if you were wearing the same vessel at the time, considering how quickly your Choir runs through those. That, and it's possible the encounter's not one I remember. I've lost the odd Ethereal Force here and there along the way."

"And how do you like that?" Ezekiel fiddled with one of his knives. "See how it's like--"

"It happens."

"...it happens?"

"Well. Yes. I've lost Forces on, ah, four separate occasions that I recall. Though only on the first occasion was it more than one at a time. Unpleasant, but there are many things in life which are unpleasant." Mannie shrugged. "I'll apologize for whatever it is that I did to you, if you can remind me of the circumstances."

"You ripped off one of my Forces!"

"That's not really narrowing it down, Ezekiel."

The Malakite gritted his teeth. "About... two decades back."

"Still not very narrow."

"How many Malakim have you gone into celestial combat with anyway?"

"In the last fifty years? Quite a few. Corporeal combat isn't my strong point." Mannie pulled out one of his notebooks. "Give me a few more clues, and I'll see if I can narrow this down."

The Malakite counted to ten. Said, slightly more calmly, "It was in Iowa."

"That at least reduces the possibilities."

"And you were working on these idiotic deathtraps--"

"Ah, those. One of the stupider projects I was ever assigned to. Not the worst, but in the top five." Mannie crossed out a few names on his list. "That narrows it down to two. Who were you attempting to rescue?"

"A Seraph--"

"Ah! Niele."

Ezekiel paused. "You... remember her?"

"Certainly. Most interesting person I ran across in the entire course of that project. Much more polite than most captives, given the circumstances, and the most pleasant Seraph I'd ever spoken with. I was disappointed not to see her a third time, but I can understand if you feel differently about the matter. So, yes, I do recall that fight. Sorry about the Force. What is Niele up to these days?"

"...sorry about the Force? That's all you have to say?"

"Well," Mannie said, putting the notebook away, "I could apologize in more detail, but I didn't think you wanted to recap the entire fight. Given how badly you were losing."

"I was... only slightly losing."

"Ezekiel. How many Celestial Forces did you have at the time?"

"...two."

"I had five. You were not slightly losing." Mannie leaned back in the seat, hands behind his head. "In any case, I apologize. While you were the one who attacked, I could have returned to my Heart without engaging you further. So. What is Niele doing these days?"

"Working in a research lab. Marine biology." Ezekiel looked out his window. "She's... um. Studying sharks."

The Malakite was relieved when the Lilim didn't snicker.

"I ought to stop by and say hello, at some point," Mannie said. "She never seemed to hold a grudge about unavoidable conflicts arising from our disparate employers."

"You dropped her into a spiked pit! Full of sharks!"

"Yes, but it wasn't personal." Mannie drummed out a quiet rhythm on the seat between them. "I should have taken her up on her first offer. Would have saved me a great deal of trouble later on. Would you pass on my greetings the next time you see her?"

"...yes." Ezekiel sulked in silence the rest of the way back to the Tether, while Mannie sketched out freeze-ray modification plans.

#

Niele surfaced from the tank, shaking water out of her hair. "How are the readings looking?"

The intern standing over the readouts gave her a thumbs-up. "Everything's checking out! Looks like we ought to get at least eight pups out of this one, barring complications. Maybe a few more if those weaker signs hold out."

"Excellent." The Seraph stripped off her scuba gear, and gathered up a towel from the stack at the edge of the tank. "Send copies of the data to my computer and Dr. Nawson's, please."

The aforementioned Dr. Nawson stepped out from inside the lab. "Nelly? Your boyfriend's here to see you."

"Really? I wasn't expecting to see Zeke today." She finished toweling off her hair, and slipped on sandals. "I'll go to lunch early."

She found him lurking just inside the entrance door, dressed properly for his Role but looking slightly... distressed. "Zeke," she said, and kissed him on the cheek. "Is there something wrong?"

"Just wanted to stop by and see you," he said. Not entirely true.

She looped one arm into his, and took him outside, down to the beach to walk along the shoreline. "So," she said, once they were well out of earshot of any potential listeners, "what brings you down on a weekday?"

The Malakite visibly worked through a few different responses before settling on one. "Remember that insane Vapulan Lilim we ran into back in Iowa?"

"The one with the attack corn?"

"No, no, the one with the deathtraps."

"Oh, Mannie. Of course I remember him. Have you run into him again?"

"In a manner of speaking." Ezekiel rubbed the back of his head. "He's. Um. Working for the Boss, now. The last several months. And asked me to say hello."

"That's marvelous!"

"No it's not!" Ezekiel wrapped his fingers tight into hers. "He's an arrogant ex-Vapulan who tried to kill you on two separate occasions. Now they expect me to work with him. And he keeps going and changing the standard plans to suit what he thinks would work better--"

"My dear Virtue. Who do you work for?"

He stopped, and blinked at her. "Lightning."

"Not War?"

"Heavens, no."

"Then what are you doing holding grudges after the issue has been resolved?"

The Malakite sighed. "You have such a way with words."

"I wish you'd told me sooner, so that I could have sent a welcoming card or something. I always did have hopes for that one." Niele kissed Ezekiel lightly. "Would you do me favor, if you'll be seeing him soon?"

"Always."

"Would you ask him to write up the details of that second deathtrap for me, and send them along? I'm still burning with curiosity on the matter. Send him my regards, and my thanks for an introduction to sharks." She smiled at Ezekiel. "Fascinating creatures."

Niele would have been annoyed at the indignity of being suspended by her ankles if she hadn't been so concerned with the vat of... some unidentified chemical substance below her. It was bubbling. It smelled dreadful. And if she were lowered about five more centimeters, her vessel's haircut would be ruined.

Assuming she had a vessel left to worry about at all.

The demon down on the floor coughed. "Now. If you'd follow with me through this presentation--"

"You made a PowerPoint presentation about your deathtrap?"

The demon blinked. In his bug-eyed and pudgy little vessel, it made him look rather like a large goldfish. "...no, it's about my plan to destroy San Diego. But. Well. Yes. PowerPoint seemed appropriate. Very user-friendly. Plenty of relevant clip art."

"Oh. Do continue." Niele surreptitiously yanked at the chains around her hands, and wished she'd taken that one Windy up on his offer to teach her techniques for freeing oneself from bindings. At the time she'd turned it down as too much hassle to prepare for unlikely situations. This now struck her as an over-optimistic appraisal of the future.

He scurried over to the wall to pull down a white screen, and began fiddling with his laptop. "Just a moment while the introductory animations work through... Are you surprised, then, that I would reveal to you my master plan? My great and mighty triumph?"

"Not very." Niele considered this for a moment. "The use of PowerPoint was a slight surprise, but I suppose even Vapulans move along with the times."

"Not with the times, my dear. Ahead of the times! Always ahead! Why, I lead the way with my cunning and invincible army of..." He paused to click on to the next slide. "Robo-ninjas!"

Niele stared at the slide.

"You found clip art for robo-ninjas?"

"Oh. No, not that piece. I had a friend who works for Media put that picture together for me. Back when I was working on the prototypes." The demon frowned to himself. "That was a few years back, but the first prototype was mysteriously damaged on its first test run. I've improved the design since I took over the project. Far superior abilities to detect long drops and avoid them." He clicked on to the next slide. "Behold, the sleepy Californian town of San Diego! Laying unaware of the dangers that await it!"

"Lying."

"Excuse me?"

"Lying. Not laying. For San Diego to be laying, it would have to be actively engaged in the process of laying something else down. The appropriate word in that context is 'lying'. And I could debate your assessment of San Diego as 'sleepy' considering the level of commerce and activity found in the city."

The image on the screen switched again. "As I was saying, the sleepy city of San Diego lay -- waits unaware of the dangers that... um. Await it! In its waiting! Unaware--" The demon sighed. "You've completely thrown off my speech. Do you intend to quibble over every slide I put up?"

Niele examined the cartoon image of stick figures standing around looking bored and puzzled, with the caption "Entirely Unaware!" written in 3-D purple letters above. "This is a distinct possibility. Would you like to start over? Or perhaps you could do two runs through, incorporating my suggestions on the second run."

"I am not incorporating any suggestions! I do not need help from anyone! My plans are perfect!"

"Well. Except for the joint design on the machines. Very sloppy. Bound to wear out quickly, especially under the high-stress situations you suggest." Mannie strolled into the room, hands in his jacket pockets. "From what I've seen of the examples in that storage area, you still haven't fixed the issue. Send them down a few flights of stairs and you'll have limbs falling off left and right."

The demon twitched, and scrambled away from the computer, some nasty-looking weapon in his hand. "You!"

"Well. Yes. Me." Mannie shrugged, and didn't pause in his walking. "And... is that a presentation on your plan? Always did have more flair than brains."

"I do not! Did not! I mean..."

Niele considered calling out to Mannie. Decided against it, and dangled quietly. Wrinkled her nose at the fumes, which were growing ever stronger around her.

"And look at this! You call this the proper way to dispose of someone who's stumbled across your master plan?" Mannie shook his head. "Pathetic. You'd be lucky to even do her in."

"That formula dissolves flesh in minutes! It's a perfect plan. Once I'm done explaining this to her, I'll simply lower her by means of a crank--"

"That one, over by the tank?"

"Right. Head-first into the vat of formula, and even if it doesn't finish dissolving her flesh, she'll drown. How could this go wrong?"

Niele had certain ideas on that matter, mostly related to the distant sounds of crashing beyond the door, but decided to keep these ideas to herself. Besides, the fumes from the vat were being... distracting.

Mannie sighed. "Look. Let me give you a hint on how to properly dispose of enemies." He slung one arm over the demon's shoulders. "So. Someone comes snooping around the base, right?"

"Right."

"And stumbles across incriminating evidence, sure to send them running off to alert authorities."

"Right."

"But you manage to capture them first. What do you do next?"

"Tie them up and dangle them over a vat of flesh-dissolving acid, and then revel in their captivity and the perfection of my master plan before lowering them the rest of the way?"

Mannie pulled his other hand out of his pocket, and shot the demon between the eyes. "No, you bloody moron, you shoot them. What are they teaching the Vapulans these days?"

Niele cleared her throat. "Do you find it appropriate to give useful advice to the enemy?"

"He would have figured it out eventually." He strolled over to the crank, stowing away his gun. "I'm not sure I can crank you back up with this. Can you hold out a few more minutes until Ezekiel catches up?"

"I believe so, though I seem to be turning giddy from the fumes." Niele swung herself around to face him, and found herself twisting back and forth from the chains. "Is that who's making all that noise outside?"

"Yes, I left him to deal with the robo-ninjas." Mannie crouched down to examine a set of controls next to the crank. "I suppose I could have told him about how to activate their no-threat filters and be ignored, but he seemed to be having so much fun, I decided not to ruin the moment."

"You've seen this project before, then?"

"Encountered it, yes. It wasn't something I was working on myself." He removed the cover from the panel, and began deftly picking out wires. "We have to stop meeting like this. Or at least vary it. Meet for coffee once in a while, between the deathtraps. Not that this is much of one."

"No sharks?"

"Or molten lead. Or sudden drops. I suppose a slow lowering has a certain dramatic effect all its own." Mannie finished with the wires, set the cover back on, and flicked a switch. A cover slid over the vat, cutting off the fumes that were starting to make the room spin around Niele. Or was that just the twisting of the chain she'd been suspended from? It was strangely difficult to tell. "There we go." He pulled himself up onto the vat's cover, and tapped it with one foot. "Seems sturdy enough."

"I would have preferred sharks," Niele said, and giggled. "Always did like sharks. Poor little sharkies! I felt very bad about those sharks, you know."

Mannie dropped back down the ground, and raised one eyebrow at her. "Strange injections, or just the fumes?"

"Just the fumes, I believe." Niele watched her hair hit the cover to the vat as Mannie began to crank her down. "Ooo. I won't have to cut my hair after all. And there are no sharks to eat it down there! Not that sharks are generally fond of hair. It's not a significant source of protein for them. Did you know that?"

"Not specifically, though I believe I could have guessed." He climbed back onto the cover once she was lying flat on it, and began to clip chain links free with a tiny device from his pocket. "I suspect we ought to get a sample of what's inside this tank, in case it has any long term effects on a vessel. Unlikely, but it's hard to tell, with Vapulans."

"You would know. But not anymore! That is, you're not a Vapulan anymore. But you would still know, wouldn't you?" Niele clambered to her feet, and clung to Mannie's shoulder. "You don't do anything awful to sharks anymore, do you? Because if you did, I'd have to be upset, and I'd rather not be."

"Rest assured, I've done nothing awful to sharks in years." He helped her climb down from the tank, and Niele appreciated this, because her feet didn't seem to be moving quite the way she meant them to.

"That's true. That's good. You ought to tell the truth. It's more holy."

"Ah. Niele, I think you should... sit down, for a few moments." He led her to a bit of the floor with no demon-vessel-blood across it, very considerate of him. "Wait right here."

"Okay!" Sitting was much better than dangling. Though the room was still... spinning. Very slowly. Back and forth. Or was it around and around?

Mannie stood up, and searched through his pockets. "Thought I had one of these around somewhere... Back from the last time Kai and Nosha decided to drag me bar-crawling for no reason I can yet understand... Ah. Here we go." He crouched down in front of her, and presented her with a shiny golden pill. "Swallow this."

"Okay!" Niele grabbed the pill from his hand with her teeth, gulped it down. "Oh, wait. Vessel. I have hands! I could have picked it up."

"...ah. Yes." He stood up again. "Let's just... give that a few moments to take effect."

Niele nodded brightly.

Her head felt very fuzzy.

And then very, dreadfully clear.

"...ow."

"Truer words were seldom spoken." He offered her a hand up, and she accepted it. "Marvelous for removing lingering effects on the system, less than pleasant on the head. I'm afraid I don't carry around painkillers for Seraphim. Not my department."

"...ow." She could walk straight again, though she wasn't sure she wanted to. "We ought to make sure Ezekiel is safe."

"He was having a marvelous time last I saw, but not a bad idea."

They found the Malakite standing in the midst of a tangled mess of broken machinery, sword in hand. "Niele!" Ezekiel tried to dash in her direction, found that the mess he'd created turned dash into carefully step over sharp pointy bits on the floor. "Are you okay?"

"No more physical damage than a headache. Mannie got me out of there." And she frowned at Ezekiel's look.

Mannie shrugged, and... smiled. "You've already rescued her twice. It was my turn."

"The last two times she needed rescuing because of you--"

"My dear Virtue," Niele said, "drop it." She turned to Mannie. "Thank you for the help. The next time we meet, how about we do so without any deathtraps involved? Or mad scientists, present company excepted."

"I wholeheartedly approve of this plan. Coffee, some time?"

"I'd be glad to."

Mannie nodded. "I'll collect that demon's computer. It might be useful." And he wandered away, leaving them alone.

"Niele--"

"Drop it, Ezekiel. You don't get to rescue me all the time." She kissed him quickly, and grinned. "Besides. I'm going to ask him to stop by where I work to pick me up for coffee. I can introduce him to what I work on these days."

Ezekiel's eyes narrowed. "You're planning on doing something dreadfully amusing yet harmless to him with sharks involved, aren't you?"

"And if I said yes?"

"...would you play the recording for me later?"

"You realize Zif will kill you when she finds out you ran off without telling her," Ezekiel said, as Mannie finished dismantling the exterior security system.

"She can't kill me. She's attuned to me." Mannie stood up, and adjusted the strap on the weapon slung over his shoulder. "Besides, I was in a hurry. She'll understand."

"I'm surprised they revived this project," Niele said, and moved toward the door once Ezekiel had given the entrance a thorough check. "It never seemed like the sort of idea that would stand up to scrutiny, once the first few reports were submitted."

"Practical results were incidental," Mannie said. He put up a hand in front of Niele. "A moment." Fiddled with the controls for his sunglasses, and said, "We need to remove the sensors from around that doorway, or something unpleasant may occur. I'll take care of it. Shoot anything that shows up, would you?"

"If they weren't looking for results, what was the point of that research project?" Niele watched as he begun to work around the doorframe. "Watch out for the pressure detection strips."

"Ah, so I see. Thank you. The research was a pet project of the Demon of Mad Scientists, who felt this was an important component of the battle against the Host. Not that any of us who were assigned to it ever agreed. It had faint potential for useful results, though I doubt any of those--" He broke off for a moment to concentrate. "I don't believe I can remove these without setting off at least one. I recommend an alternative route."

"What alternative route? It's an underground bunker," Ezekiel said, and if he could suppress a certain amount of irritation for it not being his friend trapped in the depths of this lab, he was never one to be more polite than required. "If you've found another door, by all means, share the news with the rest of the class."

"Found a new door? No." Mannie stood up, and swung the weapon down into his hands. "I suggest we make one."

"That will surely alert them to our presence," Niele said.

"Of course it will. But it won't trigger all the defenses that are tied into that doorway. Given the time constraints, we may prefer to distract any inhabitants." Mannie tapped the controls on his sunglasses, and the lenses shaded black. "You might not want to look for a moment."

There was a very bright flash of light.

And two more.

And then the three angels stepped through the hole in the wall, avoiding the still not-quite-solid bits of fused metal around the edges.

"Direct," Ezekiel said. "I'll grant you that much. Which way?"

"Down, and ahead. By the feel of it... maybe three stories? Let's find the stairs."

They evaded or dismantled the lingering security systems inside the halls as they moved along. None of it was so tricky as the sensors on the door, though they did pass several rooms with interesting seals, which presumably would have been activated had they triggered those sensors.

At the bottom of the third set of stairs, the found themselves looking out into a large room filled with broken equipment and gnawed bones. A woman in a white lab coat on the far side of the room laughed madly, and pointed. "Away, my minions! Kill!"

A half-dozen malformed dogs lunged forward, snarling, and their eyes were bright patches of electronics.

"Now that's just cruel," Niele said, and she sang.

The dogs paused, whimpered, and then flopped down about her feet. One snuffled at her hand.

"Um," said the Vapulan on the far side of the room. "They're supposed to be more vicious than that."

Niele crouched down to pat the dogs. "Poor dogs. You shouldn't do things like that to animals. Or to anyone else. I believe I'm a bit annoyed at you, right now."

"They're just dogs--" the Vapulan began, but her intended sentence didn't get a chance to finish, what with several bullets from Ezekiel's gun going through her head.

"And that was a bit hasty," Niele said, but there was only the slightest touch of reproach in it. She unfastened the dense circuitry-packed collars from each dog in turn, and scratched them behind the ears. "Are you going to go all vicious on me once the Song wears off, hmm? Probably, with someone like that having made you. Poor things." She fished a small needle-tipped tube out of her pocket. "I hope they aren't so altered as to have a negative reaction to these sedatives."

Ezekiel finished reloading. "I'm sure you'll be able to work it out once you get them back to the lab, if you have to sing them into cooperation the whole way there."

Mannie walked through the door on the opposite side of the room. "Catch up when you have the chance, then. Time limit, remember?"

Ezekiel rolled his eyes. "He says this like we're dawdling."

"Shush, dear. You'd be equally anxious if I were the one down there." She finished injecting the last dog, gave it one last scratch behind the ears, and stood up. "I'll admit it's a pleasant change of pace to not be for once, uncharitable though that may be."

They caught up with Mannie as he worked on the lock for another door. "Almost there," he said, and then muttered something. "It's a bloody mechanical lock. I don't have time to deal with this. Ezekiel, would you mind just shooting it out?"

"Thought you'd never ask." And the Malakite began shooting slightly after Mannie had moved out of the way. Kicked down the door, and spun inside with his gun out.

"Hey," said the young woman inside, looking up from where she was crouched over a hole in the ground. "Would you believe he was right? Piranhas can strip a body down to the bones in under five minutes! Or at least it looks like they're on schedule to get there in time."

Ezekiel lowered his gun. "Kai? We... um."

"Were coming to rescue me? Great! It's nice to know people care." She darted over to give Mannie a hug, and Niele was quietly amused to see the way the Bright Lilim caught the Ofanite up in his arms. "Took care of it myself, but I appreciate the thought. And, hey, they let you play with the big guns this time."

"I borrowed it," Mannie said. "For certain values of 'borrow' that don't include letting anyone know I was taking it. They probably won't mind much if I return it soon."

Niele walked over to the pit to look down inside. "Jets of flame? I haven't seen those used in a deathtrap before."

Kai detached herself to run over to the edge. "And, see, spikes that jab out of the walls at irregular intervals, so you can't predict when they'll be coming!"

"Actually, they seem to be following a simple pattern based on the Fibonacci Sequence."

"So it's not random? How disappointing. That slide show lied to me." Kai crossed her arms. "I mean, not that one ought to trust Vapulans in general, but you'd think that if they're going to go ahead and present the whole deathtrap to me, they'd at least make sure they had their facts straight."

Niele crouched down to look more closely. "I'll admit some surprise that, having presumably designed this trap himself, he was unable to escape from it."

"That's probably because I hit him over the head with the projector before shoving him into the pit. Or it might have been from bouncing off the wall on the way down. It's probably not from the last part of the fall, what with the water being there already and everything." Kai bounced on her heels. "Or it could be from when I kicked the whatever it was he was trying to spray at me around and into his face. Hard to tell, really."

"I probably shouldn't have underestimated your propensity towards chaos," Mannie said, and picked up the computer lying on the floor. "...Kai, why are these fields filled out with information about a Vapulan?"

"Well, as long as he was going into the trap, I figured I ought to make sure the data was recorded. In case it might be useful later. So I filled out answers I was sure of, and left the rest blank. Though I can't think of what research like that would be useful for. Incidentally, there's another demon around here somewhere, if you haven't met her already. Raises dogs, makes dramatic speeches."

"I believe we encountered that one," Ezekiel said. He holstered his gun. "Well. That takes care of that. Let's get moving. We'll want to call for a truck with a sealed back compartment for transporting those dogs."

"You got the dogs taken care of without hurting them? Keen. I was hoping I could get them out on my way upstairs." Kai went skipping back towards Mannie. "Do you think I could get one of those too? Because I don't know what that does, but it looks impressive."

"I suspect not," Mannie said.

"I certainly hope not," Ezekiel muttered.

"We'll need a tank," Niele said. "We're too far from my work to have one sent from that aquarium, but I'm sure we can find a way to acquire one in short order."

"You... want to save the piranhas too? Niele--"

"My dear Virtue, if you're about to tell me that's not worth the trouble it would take, I'd like to ask you to reconsider your words."

Ezekiel sighed. Pulled out an ordinary cell phone. "No reception this far down. I'll call around once we get back topside."

"Thank you." She watched the fish swarming down below, her view occasionally blocked by the spikes or jets of flame. "At least they're well-fed."

I'm never more myself than when I'm in Heaven, but frankly there's something to be said for sticking to the corporeal where certain things can't get to me. Like the Halls of Creation, and the way they're so empty these days. They don't exactly echo, because you only get echoes in Heaven when someone's decided that's a good idea, but they've got that echoey sort of feel, with only a few people passing through here and there when there used to be crowds, absolute crowds of angels and souls. Flocks of relievers everywhere.

The relievers still form at the tops of the Tethers, but these days they flit off to join other flocks. Wind and Lightning and Fire and Animals and... oh, well, most everything except for Creation, because Dad's not here, and most of his kids are off working for other people. Just like I am.

There's a staircase I visit sometimes with steps made by all sorts of different relievers. Mine is right next to Jack's, and sometimes I can't remember which of the two I did, and which was his. We helped each other with our projects, see.

I spin in place for a while, and then I fly away. Out a wide open window into the sky, where I can look down across the cathedral, across the Groves and the Savannah, over to the spires of the Eternal City, with all of the Bazaar stretching between. If I wanted to, I could travel all the way to Gabriel's Volcano, and...

Oh, who am I kidding? I'm heartsore, like an ache through my rim, and it's calling me to find the people I love because there's someone I love who I can't find.

I know the fastest way to the Halls of Progress, and that's what I take. A few Ofanim of the Wind see me streaking through the sky, and zip up to race me. A brilliant whirlwind of fire, one of them, another's an endless tangled knot of this blaze that makes us ourselves, and the third's like me, a single smooth ring.

"What's the hurry?" calls the fastest, outpacing all of us, and the two beside me shout back, "Life's always a hurry!" A call and response, and they laugh, spin away from me as my path takes me further from the Groves and nearer to the gleaming Halls of Progress.

I whirl through the literal halls, dodging scientists of all manner and the support staff that make up the people who do work around here. Which would not be me, despite the office they gave me, and I finally figured out that they gave me the room for about three reasons: to give me a place to put my stuff, so that people could leave messages for me more easily, and so that if I got the urge to bring a pack of relievers with finger paints inside, I'd bring them to my own space first, and maybe give up on the notion of letting them paint all these clean walls more exciting colors before my office was finished.

Though I only did that once. That made it out of the wing where my office is, anyway. And I helped clean up afterwards! So they don't have any room to complain, and if they don't want me painting the walls, they ought to come up with some more exciting decorations around here. The Halls of Progress are so sterile. You'd think all the scientists would be languishing around in boredom, except I've never seen a bit of languishing in here.

Mannie does sulk, though. And huddle grimly. Terrible habits, which we can blame on his upbringing.

He's not in his office, which I check first. I spin over to Gariel's office, and whirl around in polite silence in the doorway until my supervisor finally raises his head from the computer screens to blink at me. No one else blinks so well as Seraphim; Kyriotates have more eyes for it, but they don't tend to get the unison thing down so well. "Auto lab," he says, extending a wing.

"Thanks!" And off I go again.

Mannie and Nosha are bent over the best car ever -- which is distinct from the best motorcycle ever, that being mine, and a shiny present from an Archangel, which might be called a bribe if you look at it from a certain angle but I still say was a fair reward for work done, so there -- with Mannie's sleeves rolled up to his elbows and his hands in the engine, while Nosha waves some sort of scanner over it. "Hello, Kai," Nosha says, and turns its enormous eyes towards me. "Please don't touch anything."

"Wasn't planning on it," I say, and orbit the car while Mannie finishes up with whatever it is he's doing in its guts. I do not get the technical stuff, and we all figured out years ago that it's pretty much for the best if I don't try. "Are you not working on the summoner thing anymore?"

"They sent it back to alpha," Mannie says, frowning intently at a piece of equipment I could not identify. He holds it out, and drops it with a clatter onto a tray Nosha offers. "It was agreed upon by all that the power draw was unacceptable."

"We also heard about the noise issue," Nosha says cheerfully. "From places miles away. Who knew angels were allowed to swear like that?"

"Who knew that Animals knew all those multisyllabic words?" Mannie mutters, and wipes his hands clean on a pale blue towel. Then he steps away from the car so that I can wrap around him, one ribbon of fire coiling ankles to neck for an instant. "The project lead said he would send me a note when they had fixed enough of those problems to address the power issue again. God knows they're likely to make it worse meanwhile, if they keep patching bugs by adding new control systems instead of simplifying down to a multi-use--" He pauses, and says, "Never mind," then gives me a proper hug. Crackling lightning-pattern wings wrap around us, electric blue to my bright red, and that's right and proper.

I've lost someone, and I've gained some other people, and it doesn't balance. It doesn't. People aren't numbers, you can't do math on relationships. But I still have people here, just like I have an Archangel to serve even while Dad's off doing his work on the corporeal.

"I'm not feeling so great," I say, though from the way Nosha's packing things up, it already noticed. "Do you mind if I borrow Mannie for a while?"

"Feel free," Nosha says. "I've been assigned the job of writing all the apology notes, and I may as well stop putting it off." It curves a purely Elohite smile up at Mannie's sidelong look. "I've been putting it off objectively, dear, and I seem to have run out of more important things to do first."

I unwind to give Mannie room to move, and follow him down the hall back to his office at a sedate pace. A downright leisurely pace. Gamma and Strange spark past us, too fast to even leave greetings in their wake, and I want to go running too, but that's the thing, really: even Ofanim can't run away from what this feels like. It sticks with you wherever you go, until you find a way to deal with it.

"I am sorry," Mannie says, once the door's closed behind us. "If there had been any other way I could think of--"

"But there wasn't," I say, because I don't want him hurting too. It was bad enough the way he looked at me when I had to walk into that building barely able to get my feet working properly, and he knew what I was about to see. Except I already knew, just from hearing. From what the situation was. "Don't apologize. We do our best, and it's not your fault -- or even mine, whatever he's said -- that Jack decided to do that."

"Besides," Mannie says wryly, "he did try to shoot me first." He sits down in his desk chair, and shoves it out into the center of the room so that I can orbit around him properly. Some days I'd roll round about, make a pattern of it, but this time I just settle my ring around him and spin there. Planets around the sun, electrons around the nucleus...

I don't know what I would do if they took him away, and I will never let them. And when I think about that, I understand why he gets so upset every time I get into trouble down on the corporeal. It's not because I take some damage -- even though he doesn't much like that -- but because of what it makes him wonder about. The worst kind of maybes.

"What about that commander? The one who led them in? Pick up anything on her?"

"No," he says, and frowns at this. "Not a single Need that I was willing to fill, among those few I was able to. Which is a pity. I would like to find her again and continue the discussion. If the Sword would simply let us work with that Song of theirs that they're so precious about, and let us put together bullets that could kick demons out of their vessels..."

"Then probably some demon would run off with one, reverse-engineer it, and make us unhappy," I say. "Still, it's always nice to dream?"

"Don't we just," he says, and reaches out an arm so that his fingers brush against my inside rim as I spin. "I kept a hook on that Calabite they let assemble the equipment, which makes me wonder if they were planning on doing anything with it other than making it explode. I would have expected more long-term thinking out of the War, even if Fire can't be expected to think further than the first boom. The project lead started twitching when I had to explain that part to her."

"Oh, Mannie," I say, "that's not very nice. She did help me out, you know. As best she could, and more than I would've expected of any demon who wasn't running straight for a Tether."

"Which she didn't," Mannie points out, "so you may be glad later that I kept that. If she shows up in the Halls of Progress, I'll certainly drop the hook then. Otherwise, policy states that what hooks I can find on demons, I keep."

"You only quote policy when you're justifying something you want to do anyway," I point out, and speed up slightly. The talk and the touch and the way we can move on to other matters, they all make me feel better. I can't run away from what hurts, but I can move on. That's what Ofanim do, right there. Dwelling in the past doesn't help, and on we go.

"Yes," Mannie says, without a hint of apology. Good. "Now, will you help me explain to Maharang why she can't go back to the corporeal yet?"

"Nope," I say, "but I'll go talk with her about some new ways to watch out for incoming danger when she does head back down. She has a Role to keep up, and you can't keep her up here much longer. She has work to do."

"It's not her job to be shot at," Mannie says.

"So we'll try to work out how to make that happen less. But she'll be fine. She's smart and way more sensible than I am. For instance, she's never yet been tranqed and tied up in a basement, so that's doing pretty well!"

"Not your fault," Mannie says, and pokes me in the ring. Tickles. "Though I wish you'd stop having these -- conversations with demons. And the agreements. They so often end with you bleeding, or resonated, or otherwise -- in trouble."

"Yes," I say, and wrap myself into a double loop to spin him about in his chair. "But I'm not going to stop. Once in a while, they do follow me home."

"True," Mannie says, and there's a smile out of him. Good.

Over the last several years I have learned to deflect certain types of requests from particular Sisters adeptly and politely. When one suggests a tea party, I have a meeting scheduled an hour after it begins to give me a graceful exit. When another offers to introduce me to attractive Virtues, I explain that two romantic relationships are quite enough to keep me busy already. When any of them suggest a trip to the corporeal, I have my Cherub write them a note excusing me from any such thing.

Unfortunately, I seem to have been out-maneuvered this time. When Cory asked me to make a place in my schedule for a get-together for Brights, I dutifully blocked out a few hours. Aside from an unfortunate tendency to bring along rowdy friends, she demonstrates a reasonable ability to arrange meetings that are neither tedious nor actively unpleasant. And I am told -- occasionally by people whose opinions I respect -- that I ought to, ah, play nicely with the rest of my Choir, insofar as one exists.

I did not realize until far too late that she meant something other than the usual type of meeting, where a handful of us appear in the same cafe and discuss matters specific to our Choir. Through some unholy combination of requests, favor-trading, and outright bribery, she has assembled nearly every Bright living who is willing to step into the presence of other Sisters. In one place, at one time, for a once-in-a-century Bright Lilim party filled with people I have never met. We can still all fit into a single large room designed for parties -- in fact, we would have easily fit into a quarter of the space, with enough room to lurk in separate corners based on Word politics -- and with an eye towards not making the large space overly depressing, Cory has invited special guests. Waiters. Bartenders. Live music. And on every invitation, a Plus One.

"Well, I think it's fun," Nosha says, as it surveys the room from the wall I have found to huddle against between a buffet table and a space cleared for dart boards. There are darts hitting the wall two meters from me, but this being Heaven, I am not particularly worried about any of them going wild and striking me in the face. (Which is something of a pity, as that would give me an excellent excuse to leave.) "And you might enjoy it better if you walked out into the crowd and spoke to some of your Choirmates who you haven't met before. Maybe you'll meet one you get along with."

"What do you think the chances of that are?"

"Much better," Nosha says firmly, "if you actually speak to anyone, than if you stand here throughout the party."

"The problem with angelic," I tell the Elohite, as I fish out my phone and check for any sort of urgent messages from Gariel -- who is, of late, less my supervisor than the angel who handles my schedule and decides what projects from other departments are likely to be worth my time--"is that I cannot say 'I must be going now, there's an urgent meeting I forgot about that desperately needs my presence' and expect anyone to believe me."

"A terrible failing," Nosha says. "We'll have to see if we can get that changed." The language of Heaven being what it is, there is no missing the sarcasm in its cheery voice. "Look at that! A Sister of yours, carrying a drink with a little umbrella in it. I think I'll go ask her where she got it."

"You do that," I say, and stare grimly at my inbox. There is nothing in there that I could use to justify an escape. The top message arrived from Zif half an hour before the party started; within, she strongly recommends that I attend, and attempt to "form additional interpersonal relationships, especially with Choirmates from other Words of a suitable nature." That is not the sort of advice from my Cherub which I can interpret as an excuse to leave. Rather the opposite.

As Nosha begins chatting up one of my peculiar siblings, I pull up the new app that Niele convinced me to install, and tap out the syntax for sending a message to Kai. It seems like yet another example of people using computers to develop arbitrarily restricted single-use programs, but I can't deny that it's less likely to interfere with my Ofanite's duties than a voice call, and more likely to get a fast response than email.

#

@dancekaidance I am trapped in a Bright party. Nosha has abandoned me to socialize. The exits are blocked by Malakim of War. Send help.

Now the thing is probably I'm not supposed to be checking for messages on my phone anyway when I'm right in the middle of sneaking through the vents of a massive underground Vapulan lair. After all, it's a lair! Not even a lab, a lair. When the mission briefing starts using words like that, it's a sign that fun times are ahead, and a higher than usual chance of losing a vessel. Or so the briefing claimed -- about the vessel loss chances, not the fun times, because Lightning doesn't believe in giving fun ratings to their mission briefings, no matter how much data I provide for working out stats for that too -- but in my experience vessel loss is always sort of unexpected when it hits you. So my point is, there's nothing really wrong with checking my phone while mid-sneak, especially since I'm not currently in combat.

Since the vent I'm in right now is going straight down, I do have to wedge myself between the walls with both feet jammed against opposite sides of the vent and a hand braced out and shoulders wedged back -- pretty standard chimneying position, really -- and then work out my phone from a pocket with my remaining hand. There are some days I think we ought to ask someone why humans couldn't have ended up with prehensile tails and feet, the way monkeys do. It'd make the vessels so much more convenient! But I guess we'd find something to do with all that extra gripping power and end up wishing for five arms anyway.

This vessel's pretty good for tight spaces like this. They took away the last one (thank God, because it's ungrateful to ask to not have a vessel, but I didn't like that one at all) and gave it to some Seraph, and now I'm in a proper vessel that feels right. More compact! Lightweight and speedy and suitable for stuffing into vents! I know some Ofanim like vessels that are all long-limbed and spidery, but me, I want something small. Less weight to move means I can put more of my power into sending myself further and faster or, I don't know, holding myself up with friction alone while trying to compose a message in return.

Which is a little awkward one-handed, since I need to type everything out with my thumb while gripping the phone, but that is what God created autocorrect for.

#

@sparkybright But that's fun! Earth or Heaven? In the corporeal, you could carve out a new door! Or try making new fiends. Say hi to Nosha f

I puzzle over "fiends" briefly before realizing the autocorrect has gone wrong for Kai yet again. This is one more example of the dangers of trusting error-catching to computers rather than to living beings, though I suppose in defense of the machine, my Ofanite is prone to talking about fiends too. The broken sentence is either a sign of character limits or having been suddenly interrupted by... the sorts of things that tend to interrupt Kai on the corporeal plane. Combat, car accidents, coffee, and other things that start with C.

Nosha returns to my side with two drinks, and holds one out to me. "Are you having fun yet?"

"No," I say, but I accept the drink, which has no doubt been optimally selected for my consumption. It is something alcoholic which I cannot immediately identify, emerald green, and far too sweet. I am not certain if I consider the color or the sweetness to be in worse taste, given the nature of this party. "Kai says hello. Who were you talking with?"

"Someone from Trade. They appear to be the largest contingent here, but I have hopes of tracking down the rumored Judgment Bright who might be somewhere in the room. I'm told that she may be avoiding mobbing by wearing bright colors and pretending to good cheer. We'll just have to see."

I make a noncommittal sort of noise, and contemplate the far wall. There is a space available that is not blocked by musicians, dart boards, or buffet tables, where I could indeed add a door. However, doing so in Heaven would be... impolite.

#

@dancekaidance Alas, the party is in Heaven. No architectural modifications allowed. Do you need any help? I could come find you.

The fact of the matter is that ever since I tripped that one alarm, an ally has been high on my list of Things I Could Use Right Now, along with, I don't know, maybe some sort of umbrella? I shove my phone back in a jacket pocket, and duck behind the sparking control console. "We could probably talk this through," I call out. "It doesn't have to end in violence!"

I mean, it probably will. Usually does. But it doesn't have to!

Another handful of washers clatters against the console, and maybe half a dozen make it over the top to fall around me. It doesn't hurt, but it is a little annoying. "You'll never take me alive," shouts the demon. Probably demon. On the one hand, the mostly mechanical gorilla-shaped body suggests some sort of weird vessel rather than a human. On the other hand, I haven't been resonated with anything, it can't throw accurately or forcefully, and it doesn't seem very bright. Artificial intelligence? Brain in a jar? Gremlin? Almost definitely not a Hellsworn with a lot of body modifications, but it's kinda hard to tell with Vapulans.

"That's an option too," I call back, "but unless you're standing between me and that door in a really determined way, we could call a truce and I could just keep walking."

Another handful of washers cascades over the control panel. There are a few nuts and bolts in this set too. "Liar!"

"No, really, I could just walk--"

"I saw you descend from the heavens! You will never take my brain!"

Djinn? Brain in a jar? Maybe I should've brought along some sort of expert. I pull out my phone and check in with Mannie.

#

@sparkybright I'm fine but what kind of Vapulan is attacked to brains? And maybe a robot gorilla? Please answer fast!

"Nosha," I say, and then realize it has disappeared into the crowd again while I was checking my phone. Which means I cannot ask what it thinks about the advisability of attempting to track down Kai's current location and... well, no, I don't suppose I could justify a rescue attempt based on "I'm fine" and a reference to attacking brains. Attached brains?

I am not certain at all as to whether robot gorillas are another artifact of the autocorrect, or if the Ofanite has encountered one of those ridiculous cybernetic projects that always seemed to spawn their own massive inefficient departments, committees, and labyrinths of machinery that never produced anything the rest of us could use. You would have thought that grafted machinery onto living beings was a simple enough process, but all of the biologically-focused demons would develop facial tics if someone from the engineering side said so, and really, those projects tended to attract the worst combinations of ambition and impracticality.

In retrospect, I begin to wonder if someone in upper management with a decent amount of forethought did that on purpose. Pack away a few dozen dangerously unreliable Servitors in a vast underground lab working on cybernetics for fifty years, and either they'll come up with something useful, or they'll do each other in. Either way, it's a win, and doesn't cause the sharp drop in general employee morale that direct purges do.

Clearly, what I ought to do is go back to my office and check my notes about the relevant projects for any references to animal/cybernetic combinations and then use that to work up a useful plan of response for Kai. Which I can email, with flowcharts attached, and no doubt Kai will read that... several hours after dealing with the problem.

Any advice I give will have to fit into the character limit allowed by this absurd application, or not be applied in time at all.

A reliever stops in front of me with a tray of absurdly ornate tiny pastries. "Good day, Gifter!" it says, waving the tray at me. "Canape? Or is there anything else you need that I could help you with? I have a list of useful introductory statements to make to your Choirmates, and pointers to especially friendly ones!"

"Do you have any pointers to especially unfriendly ones?" I ask absently, as it is never appropriate to be rude to relievers, and they do like to feel useful. Working out useful, rapid, succinct advice for taking down a project I haven't thought about in decades is something of a challenge.

"Not yet," the reliever says, "but I'll ask Cory!"

"Tell her that I resent the entire premise of this party," I say, "but insofar as it's necessary to arrange any such event, which I still doubt, she has done a good job with it."

"I've been getting that a lot," the reliever says, and stuffs one of the pastries on its tray in its mouth as it wings away.

#

@dancekaidance The control source is usually located in the head. Remove that. Be careful. What do I do at a party of Brights?

I look down at the robotic head in my hands. "I feel sort of bad about this," I tell it, "but the fact of the matter is, I really do need to get to the central room and get my mission done."

"Bad touch! Bad touch!"

I put the head down in the center of the floor. "Sorry."

"Why?"

"Well, it's not like you could really do any damage to me, and I always feel a bit weird about beating up someone who's not a serious opponent, even if it makes sense on a tactical level--"

"No," the robot head says, and sighs. "I meant that as an existential question. Why me? Why, God, why? What did I ever do to deserve this fate?"

"Not really sure," I say. Probably I ought to be following the convenient map I got from the wall down towards the central control chamber, but at this point I'm feeling sorry for the head. "Maybe you annoyed a supervisor?"

"I never even had a supervisor," the head says, and sighs. "There I am, pondering how best to serve God with my wit and cunning and insight into the nature of reality, and they stuff me into a gorilla."

"A robot gorilla," I point out. "Doesn't that help any?"

"Yes," says the head, "it does! But not enough. So I'm back to the existential quandaries."

I pace around the room, and take out my phone to consider a good reply for Mannie. Creationer parties are easy to have fun with. Just talk to people! But Mannie doesn't like talking to people. Sometimes I think that Mannie would prefer to communicate with everyone he doesn't already like entirely by reliever-delivered notes, but if he did that, how would he ever meet new people to get to like them? And he ought to learn how to get along with his own Choir, so what I really ought to do is figure out a way to give him something to talk about with his Choirmates.

Probably not robot gorilla heads, because I don't think they'd have very much to say about those.

"Don't you care about my existential angst?" the robot head demands.

"Not especially," I admit, "unless you're a demon who's thinking about how terrible it is to work for Vapulans, and how you'd really like to take up the cause of Heaven and work for people who give reasonable deadlines and good backup and really cool toys that don't explode when they're not supposed to."

The head looks unconvinced. Hard to say how, since it's just a voice box emitting from an unmoving metal sculpture representing a gorilla head, but there you have it.

"Also," I say, "sometimes there are parties, with music and appetizers and games and people to talk to."

"Could I talk to them about the meaningless nature of life?"

"I suppose you could. The Elohim like arguing about all sorts of weird things that I don't really follow."

The head makes a snorting sound. "Elohim. Ha. Very well. I'll give you a chance to convince me. Now pick me up and take me along."

I pick up the head, and look it in its robot eyes. "Are you just trying to convince me to take you out of here so that you can betray me at a dramatic moment, and look good in front of your coworkers? Because I've been through that one a few times before, and it usually ends with smashing and getting set on fire and some explosions and missing limbs and all sorts of things like that, and you might be better off hanging out in here as a head if so."

"It's a possibility," the head admits. "But I'm intrigued by this talk of argument parties with music and appetizers. If anyone asks, you're kidnapping me against my will."

This is probably not the best choice I've ever made, but when has that ever stopped me? I pull the roll of gray tape out of my backpack -- Mannie and Nosha both insist I shouldn't travel into Vapulan labs without it, because you never know when you're going to need to patch a leak to keep the whole place from being irradiated -- and get the head taped down on my backpack where it can look around, if backwards, and still keep my hands free while I walk. "What are you, anyway?"

"I'm not really sure," the head admits. "I think I picked up a seventh Force at some point while trapped in that stupid body, but seeing as I've been stuck here the whole time, I don't know what I turned into. Never really had anyone available to resonate to find out what I could do."

And I'm not about to suggest it start with me. "Then tag along and we'll figure it out," I say. Keeping the debriefing with all the yelling in it in mind -- because when an Elohite in Heaven yells at me, that really means something -- I push the exit door open carefully rather than kicking it open. "Do you feel like everyone is out to get you and like you always tell the truth?"

"I don't interact with anyone else enough to be able to tell," the head says gloomily. "Watch out, this corridor is full of poison dart traps."

"Thanks." I rock on my heels for a moment until I spot the activation panels, then start down the corridor with an eye towards putting my feet in teh right places. "Do you ever suffer from an unreasonably strong attachment to random objects or people that you can't bear to hurt yourself?"

"Does my own robot body count?"

"Let's put Djinn down as a maybe."

#

@sparkybright Thanks, robot head is whiny but might redeem. You never know! Look for another Bright you have something in common with, like

"I don't know how it does these things," I tell Nosha, who pats me on the shoulder with its hand not occupied with a slice of pie. No one else appears to be holding entire slices of pie, but my lab partner is special that way. "Do I even want to know what it means? Is there any use in trying to figure out what autocorrect might be doing here?"

"I believe you would be best off taking its advice," Nosha says. "Find someone you have something in common with, and talk with them. Would you like a slice of pie?"

I pinch the bridge of my nose, and try to think calming thoughts. Robot heads are not calming thoughts. Talking with other Bright Lilim is not a calming thought either. "I do not want a slice of pie. I would like to get through this party without any--"

"Got a list!" The reliever wings backward rapidly, eyes going big. "Sorry, am I interrupting? I could wait!"

It's the one I spoke with before, now without a tray, but carrying a torn sheet of paper scrawled with a suspiciously familiar set of handwriting. Someone has been getting instructions from Cory.

"It's fine," Nosha says, and takes the list from the reliever. "Thank you. Would you get Mannie a slice of pie, and something very alcoholic?"

"I've been getting a lot of those requests too," the reliever says, and darts away, a blur of golden glitter in its wake. One might suspect Ofanite tendencies in its future.

Nosha examines the list, and then surveys the room. "There," it says, pointing clear across the room. "Past the stage, take a left, then around that yak. You'll find someone else who was either strong-armed or tricked into coming to this party hiding from the Malakite-ogling events over there. If you hurry, you may catch her before she escapes the party, or the darts tournament begins."

"I don't even know why we're having a darts tournament, Nosha. Or what the musicians are playing. Or why there are so many Malakim here. What in the world is so interesting about Malakim, compared to any of the other Choirs?"

"There are entire papers written on that," Nosha says. It plants a hand dusted with powder sugar between my wings, and shoves me forward politely. "Go. Talk. I'll forward you some of the papers later. Let Kai know that you're not hiding under a table."

I grit my teeth, and stride forward through the party. Sisters with all manner of wings and auras wave enthusiastically at me as I pass, and I do try to at least nod back to those with whom I cannot escape eye contact. This too shall pass.

#

@dancekaidance Please beware suspiciously cooperative robot heads. You never know. What sort of things in common?

I wouldn't classify this head as suspiciously cooperative. Sort of annoying, yes. Whiny, definitely. Prone to warning me about upcoming hazards shortly after the defenses have been activated, yeah, that too.

"I would be really annoyed," I tell the head, as I try to get the last of the blue foam wiped off my shirt, "if that had actually been dangerous in any way at all."

"It's not my fault that most of my long-term memory was stored in other parts of the robot body," the head mutters. "And that was supposed to dissolve flesh. Horrifically. Slowly. Are you feeling dissolved at all?"

I hold up one slightly blue-dyed hand, and wiggle my fingers experimentally. "Nope."

"Not even a little?"

"Not even slightly." I leave the foam-soaked towel in the corridor, which is all sorts of untidy and probably a bad habit, but just on the off chance that the stuff is dangerous in high concentrations, I'm not packing the towel back into my bag again. "You know, this is getting a little weird. A few malfunctioning traps are par for the course when it comes to Vapulan labs, but where is everyone?"

"That's what I've been asking for ages," the head says. "Thus the angst. Did I mention the angst? About my existence?"

"A few times." I try to think cheery thoughts as I walk down the corridor. It's very Star Trek, what with the corners being cut off so that instead of a standard rectangle it's a rectangle with angled corners, which I guess would make it an octagon if they were all the same size, and the doors open automatically based on my approach -- which is the sort of thing that seemed a lot more futuristic before grocery stores started doing it too -- but it's a real bore to have to walk along carefully what with all the traps. I'd rather go running, but that's a fast route to vessel lost and awkward post-Trauma debriefing sessions. "Do you feel like you'd really enjoy making someone a friend briefly and then taking all their Essence?"

"Not unless I got a good conversation out of it," the head says.

"You know, I'm not sure you actually fledged. Are you sure you're a demon?"

"I am," the head insists. "Oh, and we seem to have passed the sensor for the automatic travel system."

"The what?"

I was sort of expecting a pit, but the ceiling opens above me and it turns out the Vapulans put the floor on some sort of jets. Clever! Fun! I hope there's not a roof overhead in the darkness that I can't see yet. I tap out a hasty response to Mannie and put my phone away to prepare for impact.

#

@sparkybright It's pretty harmless, just annoying. Find someone who likes working constantly, or coffee! Those would be good commonalities t

The aforementioned yak is, to my lack of surprise, a large Cherub whose wings blend in with his coat quite well. He regards me placidly for a long moment as I debate continuing on the route Nosha assigned, or walking past the musicians again. If I choose the latter, I intend to detour widely next time. There are people dancing in front of the stage. Auras mingling. It is not exactly madness, but this is hardly the sort of party I prefer.

"You aren't about to insist on dancing, are you?" asks the Cherub.

I frown at it, and wonder where it could get such an idea. "God forbid."

"Then you may hide back there as well," says the Cherub, and turns his head aside to let me squeeze past between his horns and the wall.

Behind him, in excellent hiding-from-Cory-and-siblings position, another Bright has acquired a set of chairs. She has her feet propped on the spare, while she taps briskly at a tablet. "I don't need refreshments, thank you," she says.

"Then it's a good thing I haven't brought any. May I use that chair?"

She looks up from the tablet. "...ah. Yes. Go ahead. Did Cory strong-arm you into this as well?"

"Tricked me into," I say, dropping into the chair as she removes her feet. She dresses like a Mercurian, which is not uncommon among our Choir, and from all the golden aura around her I would guess she's one of the Trade Brights. "She so often acts in a forthright and blunt manner that she can lull us into the false impression that she doesn't know a thing about deceit."

"That's War for you," says the Bright dryly, and pauses in her work long enough to offer me a hand. "Gintare, of Trade. You would be with Lightning? Emmanuel?"

I shake the hand, as is only polite. "You have the advantage of me. That would be entirely correct."

"I try to keep track of the incoming Sisters," she says.

"So that you can better avoid them?"

That startles a laugh out of her. "I would like to think I'm not that anti-social. Though I don't see the point of all this. There's work to do down on Earth, and while all this seems pleasant enough, it doesn't get us any closer to winning the War."

"I quite agree," I say, "aside from the part involving the corporeal. There's plenty to do here without taking on those risks."

"Maybe there is, for Lightning. Trade's work requires more of a hands-on approach." She falls silent, as do I, at the sound of a very familiar voice on the other side of the Cherub.

"--having a good time," Cory is saying to someone, "whether they want to or not. They should socialize! Get to know each other!"

Gintare taps rapidly on her tablet, then holds it up in front of her. If we make no sound, she may never discover us here.

I shake my head at her. No. It's already too late. The doom is upon us.

"Maybe you could take a lighter hand with the process," says another familiar voice. Oh, Nosha, you manipulative bastard. I could kiss it right now. "Have you tried the pie? Come on, let's go look for them over past that crowd of Malakim..."

"Thank God," Gintare mutters, as the voices fade. "Are you trying to get work done through this too?"

I glance down at my phone. "Not exactly."

#

@dancekaidance Have found a kindred spirit to complain with. How is the head situation?

"Huh," I say, not having come up with a better comment yet.

The head, currently tucked under my arm so that it can see what I see, sighs dramatically. "This is why they left me alone? This, the cause of my solitude? My endless questions? My--"

"Apparently!" I say, because I'm not sure if it'll ever shut up otherwise. Usually I'm pretty good at dealing with whiny things, because you just treat them like kids who need a nap and a snack and work from there, but I admit this head's been getting on my nerves. "Did you not know that the whole staff was going to put their own vessel's heads in jars and attach them to big robot bodies?"

"No, I knew that part," says the portable head. As opposed to the rather human-looking ones that I'm almost sure are vessel-derived, given all the glowering they're doing at me, which are inside those jars attached to the various robot bodies. "What I did not realize is that they wouldn't test the control system properly before hooking themselves up."

I walk in wide, cautious circles around robot legs. Some of these things are bigger than semi-trucks, or would be if laid horizontal. "At least they seem to have gotten the breathing system to work! Look, that one blinked! Which... I guess also explains why no one came to check on this when a bunch of demons popped into Trauma at the same time, if they didn't. But you'd think they would have left at least one person attached to their full vessel and in charge of making sure they could all get detached and word sent back home if something went wrong."

There is a long and ominous silence from the head I'm carrying.

I stop, spin on one toe, and look down at it sternly. "Really? You didn't do anything?"

"Never liked them much anyway," the head mutters.

#

@sparkybright Glad you're having fun! Heading back, need to call in a disassembly team, because of the number of heads. See you soon!

Gintare reads the message over my shoulder. We have acquired a box to hold the plates with our canapes and drinks, and a solemn oath from a black-winged reliever to not let Cory know we're here. It is as comfortable a situation as we are likely to acquire in this party; the sounds coming from the other side of the yak are increasingly loud, enthusiastic, and terrifying.

"Disassembly team? Heads?"

"I don't know. I'm not certain I even want to know."

"That isn't a very Lightning approach to the matter," she says, and offers me a slantwise smile. "But it may be the wise approach. Caution being the better part of valor."

"Given which, I still can't understand why you would spend so much time on the corporeal."

She shrugs loosely, tilting the wine glass in her hand. "Needs must, Sister. And I do have a Guardian. I'm heading directly back downstairs as soon as they stop blocking the doors. I don't understand how you can stand to sit in Heaven forever, when there's so much work below that needs to be done."

"I do work for the corporeal," I say. "In an advisory capacity, and by proxy. Though sometimes I wish my proxies would be somewhat more cautious."

"Do you think--" She pauses as an Elohite's face appears over the Cherub's back. "Do you need something?"

"Cory's on her way," Nosha says, and tosses me a short-range laser cutter. "I can stall her for about two more minutes before she attempts to drag you out of that corner. Good luck." It disappears before we can answer.

"That," Gintare says, "is one peculiar Elohite. However, if it's handed us a means of escape--"

I turn around to consider the wall behind us. "If your Cherub can add another minute to that time, I may be able to create an escape route before Cory can pounce."

"I'm willing to lay my life down for the cause," says the Cherub. "I may return to you with braids and glitter, Gintare, but it's not too high a price to pay for your ability to work too hard and spend no time having fun."

"I am having fun," says my Sister. "I'm escaping. Well. Get on with the cutting, Emmanuel, if you'd please?"

"My pleasure."

#

@dancekaidance I have escaped the party. All is well. What happened to the heads?

I'm still not sure how to answer that one. The disassembly team is currently divided into three parts: the Malakite who's laughing hysterically, and who keeps pointing at the robots, then breaking into laughter again; the Elohite, who is having a serious conversation about existential angst and the nature of being with the gorilla robot head; and the Kyriotate, who's trying to work out how to make these giant robots move. It turns out there are some serious energy inefficiencies in the system.

I'll tell you when we next meet, I send to Mannie, and then put away the phone. Some things just need to be explained in person. Still, it's been a good day. I got the job done, if not in quite the way any of us expected, and at least Mannie finally worked out how to have fun at Cory's party.

Knowing Cory, she'll probably enjoy the thrill of the hunt, too.

He'd taken the boys to the estate, and once more she was alone in the city, with quiet servants and a house that might as well be empty. Irina sat in the bedroom, feet tucked up underneath her, and stared at herself in the mirror. Never pretty. She was never pretty, never had been pretty, never would be pretty, and age would do nothing to soften her face, give her not even the arch elegance her mother had acquired in old age. He'd shown little interest in her since the marriage. Blink and five years are gone by, the boys old enough to spend their days out alone without a governess, with an awkward step-mother who never knew what to say to make them understand. If she blinked again there'd be another five years gone, and soon she'd be too old for children. No baby to draw a connection between them, only the long silences. She used to love to hear him speak.

After a time she stood up and drew the curtain over the mirror. Put slippers on her feet, the blue beaded ones, as if it mattered. As if anyone would notice. He never had time for her, always arguing with his brother over this or that, politics and work and concepts she couldn't understand. She could have spoken about politics, about the restless men who spoke in the streets, the way they looked at her when she passed, but men never listened when women spoke.

In the empty drawing room, too elegant for her tastes, she wondered when she'd stopped loving her husband.

The library held some comfort. Some days the boys would listen to her there, sharp eyes a little too old for their faces, as she directed them to the books that spoke of fine scientific theories. It wasn't right for boys to grow up without a mother, but she'd come too late to their lives, never fully accepted. Their father barely spoke to them, and their uncle... She shivered, and drew her shawl closer. Some nights she dreamed that he'd died, and woke happy. It was impious of her to think this way, to wish ill on a fellow Christian, but her husband's brother was no good man. She hated having him in the house. He took too firm a hand with the boys when her husband did too little, and pushed them closer to sin.

("I spoke with Maria," she'd told her husband. "Anton was -- he was acting very improperly towards her." What boy could be so cruel, at only fourteen? And his little brother always a few steps behind, ready to follow that example. "Your brother found them, but he only laughed." And her husband, he'd spoken to the boys, sharp words that made them cower, but she saw their uncle smile when he believed none saw.)

She spread a book across her lap, let her mind sink into translation. It was childish of her to hold coldness against her husband. He was good man, if not a warm one. He never raised his hand against her in anger, showed no irritation at her propensity towards reading scientific texts, let her manage the household as she liked. Irina sank into the Latin of the book, trying to quiet her mind. Though his brother lived there with them, her husband had stepped in at the first... small impropriety... and the incident had not been repeated.

("Irinushka," he had said, always so serious, "I mean to ask your father for your hand in marriage. Will you object?" She smiled at him, and said, "When we're married, you'll have to let me read your notes." But he'd never let her look at them, and when she dared to seek them out in secret, she found them written in a code she couldn't translate, no matter how often she tried.)

Sound rattled past her, so loud it should have broken the glass, and Irina dropped her book. A maid rushed into the room. "Mistress? Is something the matter?"

"Did you hear that?" Irina asked. The noise was still there, a long roar, as if every train in a thousand miles were rushing by at once.

The maid nodded hesitantly. "Yes, the book falling. Are you well?"

Irina took a slow breath. Retrieved the book from the floor. "I must have fallen asleep, and been dreaming," she said. "It was only a dream. No matter." She smiled until the maid left, hid a trembling hand beneath her robe.

(Her mother had told her never to speak of the strange things she'd heard. "Pay no attention, my Irinushka. Pretend you don't hear them. It's only evil spirits, trying to distract you, to draw you into their ways." She'd grown accustomed to pretending not to hear strange sounds that rattled through her bones.)

After a time, the noise went away.

Irina set aside the book, and went to her study. She chose a fine pen and a sheet of paper, and began to write out words she would never deliver. The drawers were full of them, all the sentences respectable wives wouldn't say. The night before the wedding, she'd taken the box of papers covered in the sentences proper young women wouldn't say, and lit it on fire, out by the pond in the garden. Now she had that much paper again and twice as much beside.

After she'd finished with those words, she took out new paper, and wrote a letter.

My dear Anton, I hope you are well. Remember to wear your coat and scarf when riding, as the spring is not always so warm as it seems, and I would not wish for you to catch a chill. Give my warmest regards to your father, and listen to what he says. He's a wise man, who you would do well to listen to. Recall that your little brother looks to you in all things. If you set him an example of virtue, he will follow it. Some day both of you will be great and clever men like your father, if you mark that example already laid before you. I put my fondest trust in you, that you might do honor to the name of your family in all your deeds.

When she'd finished with a letter to each of her step-sons, Irina took out another paper, for a letter to her husband. But words wouldn't come, no words that she could put down for him to see. She took out one of the papers from her drawer, and wrote there.

My dear husband, you loved me once, I know. You called me a clever girl. When Father spoke with you in his study, you never sent me away, and I know you saw how I listened to all your words. I listened to you then. Why won't you listen to me?

"Ah," Irina said to herself, very quietly. "It is because I don't speak these things. You can't hear what I will not say to you." She put the paper aside, and went back to the library.

She ate dinner alone, the book laid beside her at the table. It wasn't proper, but there was no one there but the servants to see, and she'd long since stopped caring what tales they might carry. No one had any interest in gossip about the ugly wife of a man who had little use for society. If her husband's brother were married, they'd speak of her, but instead she caught whispers of who that man had been seen with at the last party.

(A cousin, pretty and perfect, had asked Irina if she thought him a husband to seek out. It was a black mark on her soul that she'd come so near to telling the silly girl yes, only so that he might be married and out of her house. Her virtue lay in how she'd taken the young woman aside and told her to stay well away from that man. A very small mark of honor, that.)

The maid hurried in, with a tray and two cards. "Visitors," she said. "Two men, one an officer of the military."

"At this time of night?" Irina pushed away her plate. "Tell them my husband is away at his country estate, and his brother with him. If the matter is so urgent, they'll want to leave promptly."

A moment later, the maid was back. "They say they wish to speak to you, mistress. Not to your husband or his brother. And that the matter is urgent." Her voice hinted at the scandal of entertaining strange men so late at night.

"Show them to the drawing room, and fetch me my cloak," Irina said.

She paused in the hallway by the mirror to adjust her cloak, to touch her hair. Little adjustments that would make no difference, but helped her feel prepared. The book under her arm helped more, though she couldn't have said why.

Irina stepped into the drawing room, and tried not to think of politics, of whispers in the street, of what was said by angry young men.

One man stood up as she entered, bowed lightly as proper. He was the officer the maid had spoken of, neatly dressed with a sword at his side and well-polished boots. At the collar of his jacket she could make out a thin line of the shirt beneath, and a little charred hole there, as if he'd been sitting too near a fireplace. It seemed out of place on someone who'd taken such care of his uniform. The other man was tall and slender, with a sharp face and long fingers. Too much like her husband for her to look at him without feeling a pang in her chest. The second man did not stand, only watched her with light blue eyes that promised something she couldn't read.

"Madame," said the officer, as he rose from the bow. "I apologize for the late hour." His voice held no trace of apology. "May we have a few moments to speak with you?"

"Certainly," she said, and sank into a chair across from them. She set the book she carried on the end table beside her. "What business brings you here so urgently tonight?"

"A matter dealing with your husband." The officer sat down, as straight-backed as when he'd been standing. "Aristarkh--"

"Is not my husband," Irina said, more sharply than she'd intended. It wasn't proper to interrupt a man while he spoke. She composed herself, uncomfortable under the sudden intensity of his gaze. "You speak of my brother-in-law. I am the wife of that man's brother, Makariy."

The officer turned slightly, and Irina caught the brief nod from the other man, as if in confirmation of what she'd said. "My apologies again," said the officer, as smoothly and insincerely as before. "There was a small... error... in the information we were given."

She considered that error none too small, but this was no moment to express her views on that man. "All is forgiven," she said, in the sweet voice her prettier cousins could use better. "But if you wish to speak of Aristarkh, there's little I'll be able to help you with. He lives here, true, but spends much of his time elsewhere."

"You are aware, madam, that your husband and his brother have been doing work commissioned by the Tsar himself?"

Irina thought of politics, and tucked one hand inside her cloak where it could tremble freely. "He's spoken of this to me," she said. "Though I know little about the specifics of his work."

"A matter of some urgency has arisen," said the officer, "and we need access to some of his notes. I believe he keeps them here."

Irina put on an arch look. "You would ask me to search through my husband's belongings to pass them on to strangers?"

"It's a matter of great importance to the Tsar," said the officer, leaning forward. "We come here at his command to acquire these. I assure you, your husband will be able to confirm this for you when he returns. For now, if you could show us to his study, we'd be able to find the necessary papers ourselves."

The thin man shifted in his seat, eyes blinking, and Irina thought to herself, He's lying, and the other man knows it. She smiled, and said, "Any man might come across an officer's uniform, by one means or another, and claim to be on a mission from the Tsar. Have you any proof?"

"We hadn't the time to acquire a signed warrant," said the officer. "I can send for another officer to come and vouch for me, if you're concerned about the security of your husband's research."

Irina smiled at them, and thought, Two uniforms may be acquired as easily as one, but you are too determined to let me speak around this. "That won't be necessary," she said. "But I won't have strangers looking through my husband's personal correspondence. If you will pardon me for a few minutes, I'll fetch what of his notes I can find in the study."

She stepped out of the room in the middle of the thanks she received, as insincere as any apologies, and strode off to her husband's study. The notes he considered important, the ones in the code, were in the second drawer on the left of his desk. She took these out, and walked briskly to her bedroom. There, she buried them at the bottom of her chest of summer linens.

There was a small closet, used mostly by the maids for storing brooms and mops, directly adjacent to the drawing room. Irina had caught the younger boy there once, carving a hole where it would hide behind a small table, so that he could listen in on conversations held in the drawing room. She entered the closet, and crouched down, no matter that her cloak swept across the floor, to lean her ear against that hole.

"I don't think she knows anything," said the officer, in a brisker tone than he'd used in her presence. "But she suspects us of something, and that's no good. We may need to take an indirect route. How badly do you need those notes?"

"Do you want to find out four months from now that they had a whole list of side projects they never wrote about at the lab?" That must have been the thin man's voice, though he'd never spoken when she was in the room. A little high, annoyed, like a man pestered all day by tiny irritations. "Nor do I trust your assessment. You may be healed now, but you lost two forces in that fight. Your judgment is not unimpaired." The words didn't make sense, drawing from a context she didn't have. Irina frowned, and waited for some clue to give them meaning.

"That bastard hit harder than I thought he could. Serves me right for assuming unarmed meant harmless. Or that scientist meant harmless, for that matter."

"There are Malakim who serve the same I do, who'd object if you made that assumption," said the thin man, but Irina could barely hear him, no matter that he made less sense than before. What had that fine young officer in his neat uniform been doing before he came here? Those sounds she wasn't supposed to notice, they came so often with bad news, from the day her mother died to the time one of the boys broke her mirror. And the noise had been so loud, so very loud...

"No matter," said the officer. "Either she's a fool he never told about the truth of his work, or she was in on it. If she's stupid, we can work around her. And if she's not..."

There was no conclusion to that sentence. Irina stood up, stepped out of the closet, and dusted herself off on the way back to the drawing room. She said under her breath, over and over, "I'm sorry, but I was unable to find anything useful. Would you like to take a look?"

When she walked into the room, the officer stood up, bowed again. Saw that she carried nothing in her hands, and his face fell, a mask of disappointment that she could see through now. "I'm very sorry," she said, "but I was unable to find any useful papers there. Would you like to take a look yourselves?"

Another look between the thin man and the officer. She'd never been well practiced at lying. "Thank you," said the officer. "We'll go take a look." He waited for his companion to stand and join him. As they walked towards the hallway, the officer touched the book laid on the table. "Newton's Principia. Are you a scientist too?" With a gentle smile for women who consider themselves learned.

Irina laughed lightly. "Oh, no," she said. "It's only one of my husband's books that I meant to put back on the shelf, as he left it out when he went to the country." She led them up the stairs to her husband's study, hands tucked inside her cloak.

The officer had an apologetic smile for her as he searched the desk, leafing briskly through the letters and accounts stored there. She stood to the side with a smile as polite and vacant as she could make it, not saying, You bastard, what have you done to my husband? What's happened to the man I once loved?

("I've spoken with my brother," he'd said, so blank-faced she knew he was very angry. He was cold, but he wasn't angry at her. She'd heard the words from two rooms away, even as she'd sent the boys out to the garden to play, away from the wrath of their father. "It won't happen again. He knows better than that." His kiss was only a brush of lips across her forehead, but she took it for the love he meant. Her mother had explained how men showed what they couldn't bring themselves to say, in every deed.)

A fierce thrill ran through her when the officer stood up, looked to the thin man, said, "I don't see anything here. Maybe he took his notes with him."

The thin man shrugged eloquently. He turned to her, and said, "Do you know of any other places he might have kept his research notes, in this house?"

"No," Irina said. "He sometimes worked on them in the library, but he only kept them here."

"I'm sorry to have bothered you for so long," said the officer, and bowed to her once more. "My apologies for disrupting your evening." He gave her a long, searching look. "If you should come across any of his notes..."

"I'll be sure to send you word," Irina said. "I have your card. When my husband returns home, he'll know where he's put them. I meant to send him a letter today, and I can ask him. Perhaps he'll write before he's back, he does spend many spring days off in the country with the boys." My God, what have you done to my sons?

(She found the younger boy crying after the older had hit him again, and gathered her stepson up on her lap. "Hush," she said, holding him close, being for that one moment a real mother in place of the one long dead. "It'll heal soon, and you'll feel better. I'm here." For a few minutes he'd rested there, the dangerous glint in his eyes gone, and she'd felt... right. Useful. "Don't worry," she said. "I'll speak to your father about it. I won't let anyone hurt you.")

In her room, she took off the cloak, the robe, stood in front of the mirror and saw herself once more. Never pretty, seldom loved, but she was strong. "All the saints and angels," she whispered, "keep him safe. Ask what you will of me, but keep him safe."

She went to bed, and dreamed of politics.

Irina woke up to a sound she wasn't supposed to hear. Like one violinist hitting the wrong note in the middle of a song. She got out of bed, and put on a robe. Left her feet bare. The sound came from down the hall, where her husband's study waited.

She stopped first at the room belonging to her brother-in-law, and searched inside the cabinet drawers there until she found the hidden pistol. She'd wondered at it, the first time she came across such a thing in a secret place, but how does one admit to searching a man's rooms when he's out? Her feet made no noise she could hear as she walked down the hallway to her husband's study.

The door was closed, but not latched. She raised the gun with one hand, and pushed the door open with the other. Her husband was so irritable at unexpected noise; she made sure the servants kept every door well-oiled. A silent swing open, and there she stood with her pistol ready, while the fine young officer, now dressed in dark clothing, crouched under the desk poking at the bottom of drawers.

"What have you done with my husband?" she asked.

He spun around quickly. Froze when he saw the gun, and then stood up slowly, his hands in plain sight. "I didn't hear you come in," he said, perfectly calm.

"That was my intention, yes." She didn't let her hands shake. "What have you done with my husband?"

"No more than he deserved," said the man. "Less, I think." He studied her silently for a moment, as if considering and discarding means of convincing her to put away the gun. "He was a traitor to this country."

"These are days when men call each other traitors for disagreeing over how one should interpret an author's works, or for saying it's a fine day out when another doesn't like the weather. I'd be better convinced if you tried to tell me some faction wished him dead, for serving the Tsar." Strange, how calm her own voice lay on her lips, coming out of her mouth with all the sentences proper wives never said.

"Why do you believe we killed him?" She'd never seen a man stand so still before, barely breathing as he waited before her.

"Why should I tell you this?"

The man sighed, a small, weary sound. "It would have been much easier if you were stupid," he said.

Irina laughed. It felt ugly in her mouth. "My life would have been much easier if I had been pretty and stupid rather than clever and ugly, but God doesn't grant us these choices. We do the best we can with what he's given us. Now tell me, what have you done with my husband? What have you done with our sons?"

The man spread his empty hands. "I have no pretty stories for you, madam. If you wish to shoot me, you might as well. You'd like nothing I have to say." Another weary sigh. "And tonight, I am in no condition to puzzle out how to deal with you better than this."

"Lost two forces. What kind of forces? You're still connected to the ground, so it can't be gravity." Her hands shook, pistol jerking in front of her. "I require no pretty stories. Tell me the truth. I would rather know the ugly reality than think up my own lies."

"You heard me." The man tilted his head to one side, as if she could be better studied from another angle. "I was quiet, but you... heard the disturbance. Yet I don't think you're Hellsworn."

"The evil spirits make the noises," Irina said, before she'd realized she was speaking out loud. She pressed her lips firmly together. Never speak of what you hear, Irinushka.

"Sometimes," said the man. "Or sometimes the creatures of Heaven." He dropped down to one knee in front of her. "Madam, you have been wronged. You've given your love to creatures of the devil, believing them to be good, and so been shut away from the true good in this world. You are destined for more than they ever offered you."

He sang, and light shone around him, bright as day.

Irina sat down. Her legs wouldn't hold her any longer, and all that noise came from the bright creature before her. "He was a good man," she whispered. "He loved me. You killed him."

The bright creature, angel of God, took her hand. It felt like an ordinary human hand, warm against hers. "No, madam," he said. "He was no good man, and he... he may have been kind to you, but he was no good man. Your children were never true children, only devils playing at childhood."

"I loved them," Irina said. "Now they're dead, all of them."

"Not dead," said the angel. "Fled back to Hell, though it would be better for you if we had killed them. Now that you've spoken with us, you may be in danger." He stood up, drew her up with him, and the light shone around both of them. "If you pledge to serve Heaven, then I may yet be able to save you."

"I've always served God, to the best of my abilities," Irina said. "But oh, what does it matter? My husband and my sons are fiends of hell, and all my efforts to teach them honor and godliness..."

"My lady," said the angel, "there is always hope. But you must come with me now." He smiled at her sadly. "Angels and demons alike hear the sounds you've heard, and they're active in this city tonight. If you will trust me, and follow me, I'll take you some place safe. My Archangel Laurence willing, we will find a way for you to serve Heaven to the true limits of your abilities."

He held her hand while she found shoes, a robe, a cloak, and eventually the light dimmed, but he was still an angel, no matter that he looked to be a man. She took the notes from the chest, pressed them to him. "One more thing," she said, as he drew her towards the door.

"If you must," he said. "But quickly."

She found the book she'd left in the drawing room.

(He gave it to her on their wedding day, late at night when all the festivities were done and it was only the two of them together. "You may find it edifying," he said. She smiled at him, and said, "If you keep giving me books, soon I'll know as much as you do. And then what will you do?" He answered her with a kiss, and the book was forgotten for the night.)

"I'm ready," she said, holding the book tightly to her chest. "Bright angel, lead me to where God would have me go."

The angel took her by the hand. She left the house, and closed the door behind her.

I am a soldier of God, and I do His will. But it wasn't always so.

I first met an angel when I committed the most dishonorable deed of my life. I'd been no shining example of honor before; I was no stranger to gambling or to whores, I saw the inside of a married woman's bedroom more often than that of a church, and I laughed off every presentation of a white feather as the war dragged on. But all of these had been passive, petty sins.

It was January, and I'd received word of the Military Service Act. I might have been a drunkard and a fool, but even I could see the handwriting on the wall. With no desire to end up one of those timorous maimed idiots who returned from the front a babbling piece of shame, I set out to a cold, empty field with a knife in one hand and a bottle of strong whiskey in the other to render myself useless for military work.

Alcohol could only provide a coward such as myself with so much bravery, and after two toes I was down on the ground sobbing like any woman or child, no matter that I'd be coated in mud and filth. Every month the country grew more desperate for men, and how far did I have to go to keep myself at home? They'd believe an accident once, but not twice, and I had no more desire to be shot for cowardice than to be sent to the lines.

"What a fine mess you are," said a voice above me, and I tried to leap to my feet, found that with half a bottle of whiskey inside me and two toes missing this was no easy task. Flat on my back in the muck, I looked up to see who'd found me out.

He was a handsome man, dressed too finely for the area, and he smiled as he looked down on me. "Trying to avoid conscription," he said. "It's inevitable, you realize. All the country pulled onto the battlefield. Give it another five years and they'll start calling up the old men, the boys, the idiots and the lame, until there's nothing but widows and orphans left to this place. Why are you fighting the will of God?"

"Don't give a damn about God's will," I said, my throat aching from fear, cold, I didn't know what else. I couldn't see where he might have come from; there was nothing nearby but the old factory on the hill. That place burned down some decade and a half back, up in flames with all the workers lost inside, and I'd run up there to throw stones at the charred foundations and tell ghost stories as a child. "What do you want?"

He crouched down beside me, pristine against the surly gray sky around us. "I want to do the will of God," he said. "You might call me one of his servants. You, my pathetic waste of resources, are a coward and a failure. I can see that much right now. But you might still serve in your own small way."

"Are you going to report me?" I should have realized by then what I was being offered, but alcohol, pain, and fear blocked what little sense of decency I had left.

He took one of my wrists, pulled me to my feet as easily as if I'd been a child. "Possibly," he said, once I was standing unsteadily before him, and pulled out a white kerchief to wipe the blood and mud from that hand. "Possibly not. I'm prepared to offer you a choice. To redeem yourself in the eyes of the Lord." He fixed his gaze upon me, and in it I could see all the fires of Hell, waiting for me to reach out and touch them. "You are worthless and weak, but God may use even you for His purposes. Will you repent and serve him?"

I had never before felt such guilt as struck me at that moment, all the years of dishonorable living and cowardice rushing in on me to convict my very soul. I would have drowned in the shame, crying out my heart in that field, but that he touched me on the shoulder, and said, "You will prove yourself to me, and thus to God." At that touch, I could feel the joy of Heaven waiting for me.

We returned to my house, a dusty place too large for only me to live in, and he spoke to me while I tended to my foot in a basin of icy water. I learned that he was an angel of God, sent to Britain in these troubled times on an important mission, the details of which I did not yet deserve to hear. When I asked for a name, he laughed, and told me I could call him Harry, if I felt compelled to call him anything.

Finally, there was no more that I could do, and he seemed anxious to be gone. "If the war will continue forever--" I began, but he cut me off with a quick motion.

"It may, it may not. We shall have to see. But you'll serve my purposes best here and unharmed. I'll have your foot healed, and then arrange for you to not be sent to the lines. There are always positions that need to be filled at home that they won't give to women. And then... well. It may be some time before I contact you again, but I'll leave you with instructions for while I'm gone."

"You can heal me?"

"Not I," said the angel, and his smile was compassionate. "God gives each of us different gifts, and that wasn't one he chose to grant to me. But my brother will be here soon, and he has that power."

"How will he know where to find us?"

"Isaac, do you believe angels are limited by the words of men?"

"I suppose not," I said, and felt my own weakness all the more acutely.

After a time there came a brisk knock on the door, and I answered it to see a man my own age or a few years older standing there, dressed much like Harry but in grave tones, as if he came from a funeral. The second angel walked inside without speaking to me, and only looked at Harry with the expression of one summoned from important business for a trivial problem.

The two of them spoke for a few minutes in a language I didn't know, Harry's brother in continuing annoyance and Harry himself full of gentle reassurances. At last they reached some agreement, and the second angel turned to me, took my hand. He sang only for an instant, but I could never forget the sound of an angel's song.

He turned and left, without another word to either of us. But my foot was healed, and even the dull throb of a bruise lingering in my back had disappeared.

"The way he looked at me," I said to Harry, once the door had closed to leave the two of us alone again. "I think he was angry."

"He knows what you did, and what sort of man you are," Harry said, and patted me on the shoulder. "You'll have to work long and hard if you want any angel to look at you more favorably."

He explained to me what I ought to do, then left. I could have thought the whole thing a dream, but for the blood on my clothing.

#

Years passed before I saw him again. True to his word, as any angel of the Lord would be, Harry kept me from being sent to the front lines. I followed his every instruction, and worked myself up to a position of respectability, ceased my sinning, faithfully attended church. Every two or three years, I would receive a letter in the mail with instructions. If not for these messages, I might have forgotten him, for all that he'd saved my life and set me back on the path of righteousness.

I met him again on a Sunday afternoon, as I played in the garden with my youngest daughter. Though twenty years had passed, he looked no older than the day I'd first laid eyes on him, and he leaned over the gate, smiling. "Isaac," he said. "We must talk."

"My old friend," I said, and sent my daughter into the house to her nurse. "It's been... how long has it been?" I opened the gate to let him in. "1916, that was when we met. Twenty years. You haven't changed."

"Not as you can see it," Harry said, and for a moment I saw something like anger in his eyes. "At times following the will of God brings challenges, but the strong stand up to face them. Do you still serve His will?"

"I've done everything you asked," I said, and he could see from my house, my daughter, my clothing that I was no longer a sniveling wretch of a young man. "I stand ready to do as God would have me."

"Excellent. God is indeed calling on you," he said. Harry led me away into the garden, further from prying eyes. "And He will ask of you harder things than you've been asked to do before, Isaac. Until now, you've only waited and mended pieces of your life, that you might be a more serviceable tool to God. Now, he calls on you to take an active role in fighting the forces of Hell, and rooting out the most insidious evil that masquerades as a bringer of light inside the ranks of humanity. Are you prepared for this? Or are you still too weak?"

"I'm prepared," I said, and when I looked at him I could feel confidence rising within me. All my highest efforts towards the will of the Lord, to redeem myself for my sins. "What should I do?"

The angel laid an arm over my shoulders as we walked together. "I've arranged a position for you in London," he said. "You'll receive a letter within the week. From that place, you'll be able to watch for signs of infernal influence. I will warn you, Isaac, I am sending you into the very mouth of Hell. Another war is brewing, more terrible and deadly than the last, but a greater danger lies within, where demons walk among us and sap the strength of this country undetected. They'll try to corrupt and weaken you, merely for being so close to them. You'll have to be utterly steadfast."

I thought of my wife, my daughters, my son. "What about my family? Will bringing them to London expose them to this same danger?"

"What are you afraid of, Isaac?"

"It is only... My children, you see. They're so innocent."

"Only an illusion," said the angel. He turned to face me. "All have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. They'll have their own chances to stand against the subtle workings of Hell. Or would you leave them coddled and weak, decaying in sin as they follow the wide and easy road to Hell?"

"Never! I only... I hope they'll be strong enough."

"With you as their father," said Harry, "I have great hopes." He clapped me on the back. "You'll be seeing more of me once you move to London. I've set up my headquarters there for the time being, though further from your location out of necessity. A human may pass undetected where an angel would not. May God give you strength in your task, Isaac. Before you're sent out, I'll petition my Archangel to give you greater strength than you have now, and the breath of God in your ears so that you might hear the infernal chords made by demons who tread on this Earth."

The two of us walked to the factory on the hill, a shining facility of whirring machines built on the ruins of the place that had burned down. In that place I was touched by the hand of God.

#

The letter arrived on Tuesday, and within a month my family was moved to a new house in London. My new job challenged my skills, but if the hospital where I worked was ever busy, it was also clean, well lit, and full of doctors who seemed to genuinely care for their patients.

But I was steadfast, and did not forget what Harry had told me.

As Harry gave me further instructions, and I spent more time in the hospital, I discovered the secrets of the demons who lurked there. The tall, gaunt doctor who always spoke harshly to patients about how they ought to behave once dropped a tray of glass vials -- I'd arranged to have one of the maids mop the corridor and leave it damp before he stepped out of the room -- and the sound I heard as the glass broke was louder and more demonic than a few vials could account for. Another doctor, a smiling young man who shared treats from his lunch with any children in his ward, once bent over a small girl who'd been hit by an automobile, and again I heard that infernal noise as I watched. She left his ward smiling and rapidly recovering from her injuries, but I couldn't say at what cost to her soul.

Harry began to come to my house for Sunday dinners, to receive what information I'd gathered and to pass on more instructions. The second World War broke out, pushed ever closer to that warm haven of my family, but his presence made the mounting tragedies more bearable.

When the bombings started, I sent my family back to stay with my wife's parents, and my house turned cold around me. I spent the weekdays fighting back my own fear, and longing for Sundays when church and angel alike reminded me of the unfailing bulwark of my stern God.

On a late Sunday afternoon in August, I sat in the parlor with Harry and explained my observations of an insidious form of demon that had taken up residence among the staff. This one could possess humans, like the demon of the Bible whom the Son of God had cast into a herd of pigs. "It frightens me," I confessed, as Harry was always easy to confess to. He knew all my sins, from least to worst. "I can never know if some innocent -- if some unknowing doctor, patient, or nurse might be filled with that thing. It comes and goes with no one the wiser but the other demons. How can I fight a demon like that?"

"You can't," said Harry. He grew quiet and thoughtful, as the sun slid towards the horizon. "Isaac, I believe it may be time to confront this evil you've been tracking. I'd hoped to put it off longer, to carefully extract the demons from that place, but they've grown too firmly attached. Better to have that hospital gone than to let the demons increase their stronghold. These are dangerous times. The country cannot afford this rot in its heart. If an amputation has been called for, so be it. But I won't approach this without further information. I'll have to speak with one of the demons myself, and determine what countermeasures need to be taken."

"But isn't that too dangerous?"

Harry smiled at me. "Not if the two of us arrange it carefully. I know which one you ought to bring to me. Doctor Harrison. Tell him that your wife has come back to visit you for a few days. Be careful not to speak of this near the other doctor; he's clever, and liable to sense a trap."

"What good does it do me to spread this lie, Harry?"

"Wait until a day when the hospital's been filled with casualties, and Doctor Harrison seems exhausted for tending to them. He seeks to corrupt the weak, and those who are wounded are always weak; he'll spend most of his powers on that, and have none left to fight us. Ask him over for dinner to recover from the trials of the day. Press, if he refuses. If necessary, appear worried and weak. He won't be able to resist the opportunity. I'll wait here every night this week, to be ready."

"What will you do when he comes here?"

The angel poured himself another cup of tea. We could hardly speak of things with servants present. "I can keep him here. It will be your responsibility to break him. This will be a hard task, Isaac, I won't lie to you about that. He'll speak all manner of lies, and plead most convincingly that he's only an ordinary human. He may even try to claim he's an angel, if pressed hard enough. But you know what he is, and you'll have to be strong, no matter what you hear. Can you do that?"

"You can trust me, Harry," I said. "All the way to the gates of Hell."

"That's what I'm counting on." He reached inside his jacket, and pulled out a thin silver metal on a chain. Its face was embossed with a symbol I'd never seen before. "This is a holy relic, Isaac. Wear it next to your skin. If a demon strikes you, it will rip apart at his damned soul. Every time you can convince him to strike you, it will rip further through all the lies and illusions he's built up around himself. Enough times, and he may even see the truth. Will you suffer through this for me?"

I wrapped my hand around the metal. It was warm in my palm from where it had ridden so close to the heart of this angel. "I won't fail in the task God has set for me."

#

On Tuesday, bombs fell near the hospital, and the corridors became a charnel house of bloodied patients waiting for the attention of a doctor. Even I was pressed into service, carrying supplies for the doctors and nurses who worked to save who they could and move aside those they could not. At the end of the day, I changed my shirt to one free from blood, and went looking for Dr. Harrison.

I found the demon sitting by one of the beds in the children's ward, head in his hands. He looked up when I entered. "It's been a long day," he said, voice hoarse. "Such a very long day."

There were no empty chairs, so I stood before him, and schooled my face into something like sympathy. All my sympathy lay with the victims of his corruption, not his temporary weakness from having sated himself. "Doctor," I said, "you've worked yourself to the bone. Tonight, I have a hot meal waiting for me, and knowing my wife, she's made enough for the entire family even though only the two of us are there. Why don't you come home with me for dinner? The house is quiet without any of the children there, and she'd be happy to have you."

"I should stay," he said. Gesturing to where injured children slept, unaware of the monster in their midst.

"Doctor. It will do you no good to collapse from exhaustion on top of one of these children." I was nearly old enough to be his father, and so I adopted a fatherly tone. "The night nurses will tend to them. Come home for a meal, and once you've eaten, you can return with greater energy from food and good company."

The demon sighed. "I believe you may have the right of it. I'm too much tossed by emotion to be as effective as I ought to be. A few moments out of this place will do me good." He stood up, and his smile was too charming for me to trust it. "Lead on. And thank you for the offer."

When he followed me inside my house, Harry was waiting. And the angel was right; this demon was too weak to run.

We took the doctor who was no human but an infernal creature to a back room with no windows. He struck me once as we pulled him there, and cried out as if I'd already hit him, just as Harry had told me.

In my sinful youth, I fought other men in a drunken rage. Now I beat the demon coolly, and he cowered away from my blows as Harry guarded the door.

"Why?" asked the demon. "Why are you doing this?"

"Because you're a demon," I told him. "You prey on the weak and pull down the strong. You're a corruption among us, and I won't let you continue."

"I'm not," he said, "I'm not a demon, he is. He's been telling you lies."

"I've been given proof enough of the will of God," I told the demon, and I didn't listen to any more of his protests.

Dr. Harrison finally stopped talking, and only cowered in the corner of the room. "Stop," Harry said, and so I did. My shirt was once again flecked with blood. "I brought this for you," said the angel, and from beneath his coat he pulled out a sharp kitchen knife. "Do you recognize it?"

"Yes," I said, and remembered that hour of shame.

"Then put it to good use," he said, "and redeem yourself at last."

I took the knife from his hand.

I was not a violent man. Nor was I cruel, I had never been cruel, even when I'd been a fool and a wretch. But I could not fight the will of God.

The demon cried out loudly as I began to cut him, and he would have fled, but I stood in front of him and he couldn't move without striking at me. I made a bloody mess of him, more blood than any real human could lose and still live.

Harry said something, exasperated, though I didn't know the words. This time I recognized the language, Russian. "Isaac," he said, "we haven't the time to indulge him. Cut off his fingers and prick out his eyes. Perhaps he'll become more cooperative."

I should have been sick to my stomach, but God's strength ran through me, and I knew as surely as the sun coming up in the morning that what I did was right.

The knife went into his right eye more easily than it had sliced through my flesh. The demon howled. "If thy eye offends thee, pluck it out," Harry murmured, and I raised the knife again.

The demon lunged forward. For all that I had an angel of God behind me, the demon had the power of Hell driven wild by his fear, and he pushed me to the floor. The bones in my wrist snapped as he pulled the knife from my hand, and in my weakness I cried out as he pushed that knife into my stomach.

He stopped, his one remaining eye gone wide, staring into mine. "What have I done?" His voice was little more than a whisper. "What have I done?"

I couldn't answer, gasping at the pain inside me, worse than I'd ever felt before.

Harry dropped down to his knees beside us on the floor, and wrapped an arm around the demon, as if the doctor were his own child. "Don't worry," he said, and his voice had all the compassion he'd shown me once in my own shame. "The hardest part is over now. You'll adjust."

"What have I done?" said the demon, and in the horror of his gaze I saw the truth, that we'd ripped through all those lies. Even demons could redeem themselves. It was a comfort to me as I bled.

"You've stabbed my servant," said Harry, "and now you'll fix him. You do know the song of healing, don't you?"

"Yes, but I... I'm out of any--"

"Of course you are. I'll loan you a touch for the moment." Harry pulled the knife out of my stomach, and once more I heard that beautiful song, as a demon-no-longer closed all my wounds and left me sound in body.

The two of them helped me to my feet, though Doctor Harrison wouldn't look me in the eyes. Guilt for what he'd once been, and what he'd just done. I could sympathize; it had taken me months to be able to think properly of what I had done on that hilltop, after Harry saved me from myself.

"I'll take you to my Archangel," Harry said, and the doctor shuddered, from holy fear. "You can finally come home."

I am a Soldier of God, and I follow the will of God. I was once weak and a fool, but I've redeemed myself from my shame, and I am strong. I serve an angel of the Lord in the surety that when I die, my loyalty will be rewarded, and my sons and daughters will follow in my footsteps behind me.

Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen.

Timeus knelt beside her, holding her hand. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "I don't know the Song. I can't heal you."

"What a fine state we're in," Irina whispered back, and tasted blood at the back of her throat. "Go quickly, dear Power. I appreciate the comfort, but I know my destination, and I will die whether you carry me further or not. There are better uses for your time."

This was true, and so he left her there, bleeding. Irina clasped both hands over the wound in her chest, and prayed. "Saints and angels, preserve my soul. God in the Heavens and Christ his son, preserve my soul."

One of the demons approached, pistol in his hand and blood on his shirt. He crouched down beside her, eyes cruel. "They've abandoned you," he said. "How careless the angels are, when they've taken what they needed. If you served my Prince, I could give you your life back, eternal youth, power you've never dreamed of."

Irina reached up to him with one hand, slid the other under her jacket. "What can you offer me?" she asked. "What would you give me?"

The demon leaned closer. "Life," he said. "What fool would give up her life in the cause of those who won't protect her in return? They've wasted your youth and left you old, nearly gone. I can give you back time and health. Don't you want to live?"

She shot through her jacket, the bullet tearing into his face. "Even Christ was tempted," she said, "but I value my soul more than my life, you short-sighted fool."

Irina died smiling.

The terrors of death were not terrible. She felt for a time as if she were laid across her mother's lap, a small child at the midnight mass on Christmas Eve, fallen asleep in the midst of the music. Carried home in her mother's arms, but the music around her never faded, only grew louder, as if all the church were following them down the snowy streets towards home.

She opened her eyes to look back at the cathedral all lit up with bright lamps against the stained glass, and saw the gates of Heaven.

"Beautiful," murmured one who walked beside her, and she turned to see a man, dark-skinned and shorter than she was, with a face full of glory. He smiled at her. "I don't know the name of the place," he said, "but it's beautiful."

"The just reward of those who serve God," said a portly woman to her left, who walked with a limp that grew fainter at every step. "I knew, I always knew..."

Irina tucked her hands inside her jacket. "Home," she said.

The gates stood open before them, and beyond she could see the faces of other men and women, even children, anxious and hopeful to see who came. Bright angels with white wings, and Irina smiled to see the Mercurians, a better choice for greeters than the terrifying and beautiful Most Holy. Stepping through the gates felt like late spring, when all the flowers blossomed and there was no fear of snow.

Angels and other blessed souls approached, paper and pens at hand, to take down the names of the righteous. Irina stepped aside to let others press forward. She would give her name in time, but first, to see the distant spires of the city of Heaven, to breath in the air cleaner and sweeter than any she'd tasted before...

"Irina?"

She started at the name, and turned. A child -- no, not a child, but an angel no larger than a small girl, with sleek black wings like some dark butterfly spread behind her. "Are you Irina?" the little angel asked, looking at a photograph in her hand. "A Soldier of God, serving the Archangel Laurence, under the supervision of the Elohite Timeus..."

"You were expecting me?"

"Of course." The little angel smiled, and offered a hand. "I am Ophel, reliever of the Sword, and I was sent to wait for you here. Let me take you to the Eternal City."

They walked along smooth stone paths, grassy stretches where no amount of traffic beat the plants into dirt, to marble streets where every building stood perfect around them. "How does gravity work?" she asked, as her feet touched ground with every step, and Ophel drifted beside her like a leaf sailing down a rushing stream. "Does Heaven have a mass? Do souls and angels in their true forms?"

"I'm... not sure," said the reliever, blinking up at her. "It just works. Or doesn't, if you'd prefer." Ophel pointed up to the sky above them, where angels flew, and souls as well, people like her drifting or speeding as they liked. "Most blessed souls prefer to walk when they arrive, until they go the Higher Heavens or become more used to this place."

"What about acceleration? How does it work, with these... variable masses? Or is the mass constant, and only that gravity works differently?" Irina gave a little jump, and entertained the notion that she might not land again. She found herself walking on air, strange against her feet, but willed herself to never fall.

"I'm... not sure." Ophel fluttered her wings uncertainly. "It's not something I've studied. It just works. Maybe Lightning would know? We can go there next, if you wanted to ask. Maybe they know in the Higher Heavens."

"No matter," she said. "I was only curious. There are more important things to know than the physics of Heaven."

The reliever led her on, to a place where the walls were covered in names, and candles lit all about to shine on them. She found her own name there, written out in full, with her father's name tucked inside it like a ring in a jewelry box, safely kept. On the end, her husband's name. She didn't know what that was like, but there it was, still a part of her name. "It's to honor your sacrifice," Ophel said, maybe misreading her expression. "We honor all those humans who choose to give their lives for the work of Heaven."

"The work of God," she corrected Ophel, but gently, because she was only a child, even if an angel. "May Heaven always do the work of God."

The reliever waited silent for a moment, as Irina ran her fingers over her name, and saw how many names had been carved in the wall. "I think I see the difference," Ophel said. "Where may I take you now? Would you like to go to the ladder, and up to the Higher Heavens? It's the destination of all blessed souls. Or was there someone you wanted to look for here, before moving on? Records to see if those who you loved arrived and already moved on."

"I would like to see Timeus, if I might," she said. She had no desire to speak of those she'd loved, who she knew would not be found here. "Can you bring him to me?"

"I'll see what I can do," said the reliever, and led her on.

They arrived at a little shop set beside one of the roads, with beautiful iron tables and fragile pottery cups to hold the drinks. Irina sat there and spoke with other souls, waiting for Ophel to return with news. One man came from France, an atheist who found this all strange but wonderful; another was a young woman from a small island she'd never heard of, a worshipper of pagan gods, who'd lived in the Eternal City for months now, waiting for her mother to arrive. She had long black hair, and wore little, but there seemed no impiety to her bared chest, even beside Irina's full skirts. They shared a bottle of vodka, finer than any Irina had tasted before, and spoke of the strange ways of angels.

Ophel finally came again, settling down on an empty chair at the table. "I'm sorry," she said, "but Timeus waited for a time, and then returned to Earth, as it has duties to attend to there that could not be neglected. It left a note for you, but requested that you not read it until someone had spoken to you of the Higher Heavens, and of Saints."

The reliever spoke to her of the Higher Heavens, the final reward of all blessed souls, a truer and higher place than even the angels here could ever reach. When she was sure Irina understood this, she went on speak of Saints, not the famous men and women she knew from all their icons and stories, but humans who returned to the material world in secret after their deaths, agents of God. "You've already given your life for us once," said Ophel, at the end. "If you now wish to ascend to the Higher Heavens, we will bless you on your way."

"Give me the note," Irina said, and she was given a sheet of smooth parchment, across which was written in Timeus's neat hand, as neat as his uniforms ever were:

Once upon a time there was a peasant woman and a very wicked woman she was. And she died and did not leave a single good deed behind. The devils caught her and plunged her into the lake of fire. So her guardian angel stood and wondered what good deed of hers he could remember to tell to God;

"She once pulled up an onion in her garden," said he, "and gave it to a beggar woman."

And God answered: "You take that onion then, hold it out to her in the lake, and let her take hold and be pulled out. And if you can pull her out of the lake, let her come to Paradise, but if the onion breaks, then the woman must stay where she is."

The angel ran to the woman and held out the onion to her. "Come," said he, "catch hold and I'll pull you out." He began cautiously pulling her out. He had just pulled her right out, when the other sinners in the lake, seeing how she was being drawn out, began catching hold of her so as to be pulled out with her.

But she was a very wicked woman and she began kicking them. "I'm to be pulled out, not you. It's my onion, not yours." As soon as she said that, the onion broke. And the woman fell into the lake and she is burning there to this day. So the angel wept and went away.

"There's always hope," she murmured, and saw that the reliever did not understand. Irina smiled at the child. "There are those I've left behind who I still love, dear Ophel. I would have them reunited with God, but there's so much work to be done, to bring all to the grace and mercy of Christ." She folded the paper, and put it away inside her jacket. "If your Archangel will let me, Ophel, I would be an onion."

There are weird things about having parents who work for God. Not like missionaries or pastors, but in the direct sense, where sometimes angels stop by for lunch or in the middle of the night to do laundry or to hide out from the cops for a week. To begin with, there are the aforementioned angels, who are good people, but... strange. If humans think in clouds and colors, angels think in straight lines and sounds; you can translate between the two, but it's not the same. To continue, it means my parents sometimes call in sick at work and then disappear for a few days, and show up later with ripped clothing or stories they can't tell until I'm "older". It's better now that I'm old enough that I know what's going on, but there's still a lot they won't tell me.

The weirdest thing about having parents who work for God, though, is that I occasionally find out I have a sibling I never knew about before.

"Maharang," says the girl, putting out a hand for me to shake in such a formal way it's easy to see she's new to Earth. She looks like my sister, or at least like my theoretical sister, with my father's eyes and my mother's nose. I stopped finding it creepy around the third time it happened. "Except my Role name is Zoe, so I should go by that." She adds, in a confidential tone, "It was #223 for girls' names in this country during my birth year. Did you know there are three different spellings for Jasmine above mine on that list? You'd think they'd choose one and go with it."

"Kevin," I say, and shake her hand properly. "I guess you're my new little sister, huh?"

"That's the Role." I've had older brothers and sisters, and one younger brother currently off at a "special advanced learning program" while he slays demons in northern Canada, but this is the first little sister I've acquired. She looks as serious as they usually do when they first arrive, ready to leap into the complex world of being human with all the dedication they show to any task set before them by an Archangel. I guess if an Archangel started giving me jobs, I'd pay a lot of attention to doing them right too.

"I'm sure you'll do fine," I say, and since it's the first time I've ever had a little sister and I'm not sure what I should do with a twelve-year-old girl who's still getting the hang of tricky concepts like gravity and watching for cars when crossing the street, I say, "...ice cream?"

Maharang-called-Zoe smiles up at me. "Sounds marvelous," she says.

Most of the afternoon's spent with getting to the ice cream shop (the kid knows more about cars than I do, from the sorts of questions she asks about how my old beater works), having ice cream (with a full quiz on all the classes I'm taking in college, none of which are very interesting in the first semester of my frosh year anyway), and driving back the long way past various parts of the city. "My classes don't start for another week," Zoe says. "Will you come see me again the weekend before they begin?"

"Sure," I say. "I've never had a little sister before. It ought to be fun."

"I've never had a big brother before either," she says, and if we're human and proto-angel together in the car, brother and sister still seems about right to me.

#

On Friday night I show up at the house nearly at midnight, due to a traffic snarl that turned a two-hour drive into a six-hour one. I find Zoe in the living room, typing away furiously at the laptop she brought with her. We established on our first meeting that she's not from the Archangel Laurence like most of my sudden-siblings, but the Archangel Jean, who I haven't heard much about before. Something to do with science and technology and electricity, though I got bogged down in the explanation. "It's hard to say in English," she finally told me, frustrated. "It makes more sense with real words."

Now she looks up at me, and a moment later she's bounded forward for a tight hug I'm not sure I deserve yet. "I told them they could go to bed and I'd stay up and wait for you," she says, "since I don't need to sleep. I'm catching up on current events in the area. " She lets go to pace around the room in front of me, and I wonder if maybe she's going to turn into an Ofanite, the way my big sister Laura did when she fledged. "Did you know there's this one guy who has a whole website dedicated to the letters he's submitted to the editor at the newspaper here? Except he has weird ideas about what kids should learn in school. Doesn't anyone here want to learn real science?"

"You're going to be the best-informed kid in your class," I say, and catch myself in a yawn. "And to answer your question, no, not everyone wants to learn real science. Some people just want to be told that what they already believe is right."

"Facts don't care if you believe them or not," Zoe says, indignantly. "That's why they're facts. It's how reality works." She pauses, nose wrinkling up. "Unless you count ethereals. They care about whether you believe them or not. And they're technically real too, except in the ethereal sense, and not all of them are actually people, when they're only figments..."

"The question of reality is one that's kept philosophers awake at night for years," I say, and collapse on the couch where I'll be sleeping, now that they've given my old room to the new sister. "You don't need to solve it overnight."

"It shouldn't be so hard," Zoe says, and drops down onto the couch beside me. "It was easier when I had fewer Ethereal Forces. I didn't think so much. But I'm glad to have more! It means I can think about things more clearly, and I'm more likely to get the right answer."

I decide this isn't a good time to tell her that being smart doesn't necessarily mean you learn the right answers better than anyone else. "I need to sleep," I say. "You know, that human thing."

"I know!" She smiles brightly at me, and drops off the couch. "I took a class. They taught us all about it. I'm going to try it myself, some time. I want to see what the Marches are like."

"Wish I could see them," I say. A place where you can imagine things out of nothing, by sheer force of mind? Sounds more interesting than English Comp.

"Don't be silly," Zoe says. "You get to see them every night."

#

Saturday morning. I think. I crack open my eyes and try to figure out why I can't move.

Oh. Because there's a baby angel in the shape of my little sister sitting on my back, typing at her laptop.

"Morning!" Zoe chirps, proving once again that when you don't need sleep, you're a night person and a morning person. "Your parents -- I mean, Mom and Dad already went out to do that fair... thing. I'm confused on the details. Apparently there's a bouncy castle since you can't turn off gravity, and these games where people pay money for tickets that they trade in to try to win prizes, even though you could just buy the prizes for cheaper. It's one of those cultural things. They're raising money for the library, which is probably a good idea, so long as they make sure to put lots of good books in there, because I went down to see some of the stuff and you wouldn't believe how out of date some of the science books are."

"Let me guess," I say, when she finally gets off me and lets me up. "You're going to fledge Ofanite?"

"Haven't decided yet," Zoe says. "But I'll admit one of them is a role model. I need to tell you some time about what Kai can do to demons with a sofa cushion and a yo-yo."

"Hold that thought, 'kay?" I stumble into the bathroom with my bag, and get enough hot water running over me to acquire a semblance of wakefulness.

When I step back into the living room, it's to the smell of something cooking. I follow the smell to the kitchen, where I find a plate stacked with biscuits, and laid out beside it a bowl of canned peaches swimming in syrup. "Breakfast!" Zoe says, neatly taking another round of biscuits off the tray. "You wouldn't believe how easy those are to make. Milk, this mix stuff, and instant biscuits! And peaches because fruit is good for human health. I read up on nutrition before I came here to make sure I'd eat right."

"I don't think most kids your age are concerned with nutrition," I say, but I'm not one to turn down hot biscuits when the butter and jam are right in front of me. "You ought to eat a candy bar once in a while. You'll fit in better."

"But I want to set a good example," Zoe says, taking a seat across from me at the table. "I mean, as much as I can while still not looking so weird that demons could pick up on me, but I'm sure there are humans who try to do the right thing to show others how to do it. Right?"

I try to work through how to explain this. It was a lot easier when I just had to deal with my big sister climbing in my window late at night, with a grin on her face and a sword in one hand, no matter that she had a math test in the morning. Being an older sibling is harder. "There are. But most of them end up taking it too far and being so strident that people don't even want to listen. It's not fun to be around someone who always seems to be looking down on you for not doing the right thing. Like... vegetarians who lecture you if you eat meat. They make even people who might have thought eating less meat would be a good idea get annoyed."

"Oh." Zoe stuffs a biscuit into her mouth, no butter or anything, and washes it down with the big glass of milk sitting on the table. "I need to think about this more. It's complicated."

"You want to go to the fair? We can blow a few dollars on tickets, and maybe you'll win a real live candy bar."

"I don't think candy bars are supposed to be alive," Zoe says, so seriously that I'm trying to figure out how to explain this to her when she bursts out giggling. "Yeah, let's go. We can talk on the way!"

In the car, she stares out the window as we drive, watching the ordinary suburbs slide by us. I don't know the area too well, since my parents -- our parents, I guess -- moved right when I graduated from high school, the better to set up a new sibling introduction. One of the side-effects of needing to slot new family members in every so often is not getting too close to the neighbors, or sticking around long enough that someone starts counting heads. When I was younger I used to mind; now I figure it's good practice for life, because people are always moving anyway. The important people you'll find a way to keep in touch with, and if you don't, guess they weren't important. My little brother the Malakite still sends me postcards. They usually have moose on them. Canada thing.

"So what do you want to fledge when you grow up, if not Ofanite?" It seems like a safe enough topic of conversation, and it's also the kind best had in cars and not in crowds. "Malakite, Elohite, Seraph, Cherub... ?"

"You'll laugh," she says, and blushes. I'm not sure I've seen an angel do that before, even a little one.

"No, I won't. Seriously. I'm a human, it's a completely alien concept, how could I find it funny? All the Choirs are pretty cool." Though some are weirder than others; I hate dealing with Seraphim, and aside from my brother, Malakim usually aren't much better. Mercurians and Ofanim are my favorites, and Elohim won't go say something rude unless they have a good reason.

"I want to be a Bright Lilim when I grow up," Zoe declares, and then gives me a quick sidelong glance. She really does believe I'll laugh.

"I've never heard of that Choir," I say, "but there's a lot about Heaven I don't know. I'm not even... you know. Aware, yet." After college, my parents keep telling me. Go get your B.A., and then we'll see about making you a real Soldier of God. I've wanted to be part of that since I was old enough to understand what my parents did, but they have their reasons for wanting me to wait. My dad's told me enough about how he ended up dead when my mom was six months pregnant with me, and how he couldn't come back as a Saint for almost a year, that I can see how they don't want me in the family business right away.

Zoe's quiet for a little bit longer. "It's a very small Choir," she says. "There's not many of them. You know about ordinary Lilim, right?"

"If a stranger comes up and offers to do something for you that you really need, say no and go tell someone right away," I quote. "It's right up there with how to deal with people that everyone likes even though the guy's not all that impressive, and what to do when someone you know starts acting out of character."

"Right. Well. Bright Lilim are what you get when you redeem Lilim. The way you get Cherubim from Djinn, and Elohim from Habbalah." Zoe gives me another quick, uncertain look. "Except Archangels can't make Bright Lilim, not like the other Choirs. You only get them from redeemed demons."

"But you can fledge into one?" I can see why she'd think it was silly to want to be a Choir that usually comes from demons.

"...no. I think. I don't know. No one's ever done it, or if they have, they never wrote it down. I researched it. I looked. Even when some relievers were made with personal Forces from different Bright Lilim, and grew up, they still fledged into the ordinary Choirs." She looks unhappy for the first time since I met her. "It's not reasonable for me to want to be one. And that doesn't stop me from wanting it. To want to try to find a way to be that." She stares out the window, and we're pulling into the parking lot outside the school. "My real name means yearning. Desiring. Sometimes I think it would be responsible to be an Elohite, but I don't know if I could be. Not when I keep wanting unreasonable things. It's not responsible of me."

"Hey," I say, and wait until she's looking at me. "Zoe. You're my little sister, so let me tell you this. When my parents decided to have me, they knew it wasn't smart to have a baby when they knew they could be going up against all sorts of evil things and into danger. It was horribly irresponsible. They could've both been killed, or if someone found out what they were, that person could have gone after me to use me against them. But they still went ahead and decided to have a baby, and if they hadn't, I wouldn't be here, so I can't argue with their decision. You can want unreasonable things, and sometimes it turns out well."

"They didn't have any more children, though," she says, such a serious face on a kid. "Not after you. Because they knew it wouldn't be safe."

"No, and instead they ended up with a bunch of angels for kids, all these relievers running around the house, and now they have half a dozen kids, I have a bunch of brothers and sisters I know will come running if I'm ever in trouble, and... they still have me too, someone human. Did they make the right decision? I'm here, so I have to say yes, even if it had everything going against it." I take a deep breath, because there are some things I don't want to get into. "My point is, don't stress about wanting something you can't see a way to. Maybe you'll find a good way to get there. Maybe you'll find a bad way, and learn from it. Or maybe you'll find something that's not what you were looking for, but close enough to get you where you ought to be, and that'll work." I stop again. "Did that even make sense?"

"I understood," Zoe says, and hops out of the car. "Do you think I can get my face painted?"

The answer is yes, though I wouldn't have really guessed she'd go for a unicorn.

#

A new neighborhood means a new church on Sunday, for pretty much the same reason as the move. I stick close to Zoe through the service, and manage to herd her in the right direction when it's time for Sunday School, despite the way she starts making a line towards the fancy sound equipment in the back. "It's wired badly," she whispers to me, as we walk over to the group for Junior high and up! that we both fall into, as not-quite-adults too old for the kiddy classes. "Mannie would be ripping things out and redoing it if he were here. I bet even I could rewire it better."

"Who's Mannie?"

"The one I was a lab assistant for, before. He's a Bright Lilim." The way she refers to him makes me think of some classmates I've had talking about teachers they deemed "hot". That reverential tone only comes up when someone is the subject of a deep and abiding sense of respect, or a major crush. "He's brilliant."

"I bet he is," I say. "Nice guy?"

"...well," she says, after a moment's hesitation, "I'm not sure nice is the right word for it. But he's a good person. And very smart."

Sounds like a typical angel, then. And not a Mercurian. I ought to ask more about what Bright Lilim are like, though I can't figure it out from what Zoe's doing. My brother the Malakite was always seeking out evil and honor, my sister the Ofanite was on the track team, and everyone else fledged Mercurian. Zoe, I'm not so sure on. She's bouncy enough to be an Ofanite, serious enough to be a Malakite, friendly enough to be a Mercurian, and sufficiently concerned with working out how things ought to be and how to get them there that I'd even believe her as an early Elohite.

In the big room full of beige carpet that's had punch spilled on it too often, Zoe looks at the cookies suspiciously. "Are these... healthy?"

"No," I say, and pass her one. "Go for it."

#

My cell phone rings in the middle of my afternoon lecture for English Comp, and the professor gives me this glare of death. Like we were all hanging on your words about Chaucer. I've met angels who knew Chaucer, and you, sir, are no Chaucer. Besides, I already read "The Wife of Bath's Tale" back in my lit class senior year of high school. I check the screen, and find it's the home phone. That's not a good sign. I mumble some excuse and ditch the class. There goes my participation grade for the semester.

"Kevin?" Zoe sounds upset, which isn't a good sign. "I have a problem."

"If you've set the kitchen on fire, call 911 first, and then call me back," I say. "And don't stress it too much, Paul did that when he was fourteen and should have known better. You're twelve, so you still have an excuse."

"No, different type of problem," she says. "Dad went out this morning to check on some disturbance, and told me to go to school like usual. But now I'm home and Mom's gone too and neither of them is back yet, and they're not answering the cell phone, and they didn't even leave a note, and I don't know what to do. Should I go check out the direction the disturbance came from? I don't know exactly where it is, but I could go looking nearby."

"Stay right where you are," I say, "and lock the doors, and if anyone you don't know tries to get inside, you go home right away, understood?" I look around the hall, but there's no one else outside of the classrooms right now. "And by that I mean straight to your Heart, and you go find someone... someone big to help you and come look at things. I'll get home as soon as I can."

"Okay," Zoe says, and now she's calm. Does she think I'm going to set everything right? She has more Forces than I do! But... that's what big brothers do, isn't it? Set things right. "I'll be careful. Get here soon."

"As fast as I can," I say, and do my best to turn a two-hour drive into a 90-minute one.

#

When I get to the house, I knock once on the door, then unlock it. "Zoe?" I call, once I'm inside. "You still here?"

She appears in a doorway, peeking around before she runs out to hug me. "I still haven't heard from them," she says, clinging to me like any ordinary kid, not at all like a creature from Heaven sent to Earth to help us poor benighted mortals. "I'm worried. I don't know what to do. I wish I were smarter, or knew more, or something."

"Let's try to think about it," I say, and sit down with her at the couch. "Okay. So. Um. We'll think about how responsible people would deal with a situation like this. Mom and Dad would... go investigate quietly, which is what they're doing, and it's possible they haven't been able to call."

"Not either of them? Even to leave a quick message?" Zoe pulls her knees up under her chin. "If Mannie were here, he'd know what to do," she says. "He could track them down with his Song. And if Kai were here, she'd run off in the direction of the disturbance and smite evil until she found them."

"Malakite?"

"No, Ofanite."

Considering my favorite brother and sister? "I can buy that." I put an arm over her shoulder. Come to think of it, that sounds a lot like what either of those two would do. All the Mercurian siblings I have, I'm less sure of, but they'd probably... well. Call for backup, after they figured out if they needed it, with investigation first. "Problem is, you're a reliever and I'm an ordinary human. If we're talking about something that got Mom and Dad... into trouble," dear God let them not be dead, even knowing they'd get to Heaven I want them selfishly here on Earth with me, "then it's not something the two of us can handle."

"We don't have to handle it," Zoe says. "Just get Mom and Dad out of there before anything happens to them, and then call in proper backup with more information. I have the nearest friendly Tether on speed-dial." She stands up to pace around the room. "So we get close, assess the situation, determine an appropriate response, and call in reinforcements as necessary. Perfect. Let's go."

"...um," I say, because while my parents and siblings have come in at all hours with entertaining new stories, the closest I've ever been to a demon was talking to a new-redeemed Cherub who was hanging out in our house for a weekend. "Zoe, you realize... I'm an ordinary human. I don't know how much I can do."?
"The history of this planet comes from ordinary humans doing extraordinary things," she says, and grabs her jacket. "Let's get snappy, big brother."

"Okay," I say, because what else am I supposed to say? No, I don't want to go find my parents who might or might not be in trouble? I'm scared that I might die? I'm scared that you might die, and then what kind of brother would I be? "But I'm in charge, so stick close to me and do what I say."

"That's fair," Zoe says. "You are older."

#

We watch the odometer as I drive. With all the turns and back-tracks I have to make to keep heading in the direction Zoe's pointing me, it's not a very precise measure of distance. "It's around here," Zoe says, "I'm just not sure where." She rubs at her face irritably. "It was loud enough, most anyone a mile around should have heard it. Maybe further. But the echoes are gone now. Could you park the car? This might be easier on foot."

I pull up by the curb. This whole area's industrial, and quiet now that it's the end of the day, with factories shut down for the night. "Remember, we're being careful. Doesn't do anyone any good if we get into trouble too."

"I know, I know!" Zoe's off like an Ofanite, down the sidewalk while I'm still locking the doors on my car. I catch up with her beside a tortilla factory that still smells like future tacos. "Did you hear that?" she demands.

"If it's disturbance you're talking about... no. I don't."

"Oh. Right. Sorry. But it's from... here. Ish. Not much. Just a teeny little bit. Maybe a few Essence." She stares at the wall in front of us like it might step aside for her. "I could go through in my real form. But I'd need to use Essence to do that, and I couldn't take you with me."

"Let's save that for emergencies, and check the doors first," I suggest. Visions of arrests for breaking and entering swim through my mind. Sure, Mom and Dad would understand, but I'm eighteen now, which means it would go on my permanent record. Besides, what am I supposed to say in my own defense? Sorry, Officer, I was trying to find out if demons kidnapped my parents and kept them in the tortilla factory for unknown reasons. I need to ask Mom and Dad some time how they deal with these situations.

Every door we try is locked. I look at Zoe. "I... didn't plan for this part."

"I refuse to be thwarted by a door," she says, and a moment later we're at the back door at the loading dock with Zoe peering intently at the card reader. "It would be awfully embarrassing," she says, pulling a pocket toolkit out of her jacket. "I mean, it's just a door. We're maybe going up against who knows what, and I should be put off by this? I don't think so." The cover pops off the reader, and she begins fiddling with the wires inside. "Can't guarantee this won't set off the alarms," she says, "but it should get the thing open. I didn't spend much time with the Windies."

"They steal things," I say. The only time I've ever heard angels grumble much about other angels is when my parents' friends complain about how the angels of the Wind will run through and make a mess of a situation that had been well in hand.

"Exactly! So they're good at knowing how to open doors." Zoe stands back, and jiggles the handle. The door swings open. "See?"

"Shh," I say, and take the lead.

The hallway's dark, and pretty soon Zoe's the one ahead of me, one hand in mine, leading me forward. "Through here," she whispers, and pushes open the wide double-doors to the factory floor.

This area's brightly lit. Enough so that I can see my dad sprawled out on the floor, bleeding from the head. Which is where I go all stupid and forget everything about being careful to run across the floor to kneel down by him, leaving Zoe behind me. They'll send him back again if he's dead again... won't they? Do Saints get more than one chance to come back to Earth?

"Kevin," says my mom, and there's a funny sound to her voice, "would you please stand up? He's fine, but he's not going to wake up for a while."

I turn around to find my mom standing next to me. With a gun in her hands, pointed right at me.

Sign number one of Shedite possession: change in personality.

"I don't want to hurt you," she says, and I'm not sure if that's her talking in there, or the Shedite not wanting to fight her for that. "Just stand up and move away. This isn't going to take much longer, and your father will be fine. He went looking into something that wasn't any of his business, but he'll be okay once we're done here and move on."

"And what about my mom? Are you going to leave her too?" My throat hurts. This is the first time I've ever looked at a demon, and it's inside my mother's head.

"Too dangerous to stick around," says the person who isn't my mother, living inside her head. "If I'd known, you can bet I would have chosen someone else to jump into. Now tell me, is your little sister here, or is it just you?"

"I told her to stay at home," I say. I'm not sure if I want to cooperate and get this thing out of her, or find a way to defeat it. I should be trying to find a way to defeat it, but I don't know any ways that don't involve hurting my mom. "I came looking by myself. She's too little to get mixed up in this. "

"Aren't you all," mutters the Shedite, and moves away, the gun still held in my direction. "If my assistant weren't such a clumsy dolt, I could have gotten through this without any trouble, but of course there are always people to come looking. Doesn't anyone know how to mind one's own business?"

"I think being nosy comes with the job," I say, try to keep talking like I'm not scared and wondering where the hell Zoe's gone. If she'd run back home to her Heart to get backup, I think that would have made disturbance for the Shedite to hear, even if I couldn't. This whole factory floor's full of equipment for tortilla-making, and Zoe could be hiding around any of it. As could the assistant the demon mentioned, whoever that might be.

Somewhere in the distance, there's a clatter of equipment, and a shriek that sounds nothing at like Zoe. The Shedite jerks the pistol at me. "Liar," it hisses, through my mother's voice, "you aren't alone," and goes to pull the trigger while I'm trying to run -- except it can't, that's my mom in there fighting for me, her hand shakes, the gun jerks out to drop onto the floor, and then -- there's something thick and black and terrible in the air, I can't even wrap my mind around it, and then I feel like everything is fine, while my body's going through the motions I'm not controlling. Do I want to reach for that gun? No, I don't, but I'm scrabbling for it on the floor along with my mom, hands out to grab cold steel and I'm not doing it, I'm not even trying to do this, but it feels like I'm the one who's decided I ought to.

Someone behind me (I feel like I ought to know who, but I shouldn't know who, the someone who isn't me who's doing all this knows) shrieks again in a language I don't understand, and I answer in the same language, weird sounds running through my mouth while I'm fighting my mom for possession of the gun. I think I'm going to win. She doesn't want to hurt me.

I don't want to hurt her either, but whatever's inside me wants to--

#

I wake up in my room at home. Okay, my little sister's room, but it used to be mine, for the two weeks between the move and when I went to college. My little brother's there, perched on the end of the bed sharpening his sword and looking more serious than any fifteen-year-old ought to be able to.

"Ow," I say. Followed shortly by, "How did you get here?"

"I got an email from Maharang while I was near a Tether," he says, tucking the sword away under his jacket, no matter that it shouldn't be able to fit there. It's that kind of sword. "About Mom and Dad being missing, and you on the way over. So I got here as soon as I could. And promptly realized I had no idea where you'd gone, so I couldn't do anything but sit here and wait until you got home."

"I think I had -- there was a Shedite in me--" It makes me feel sick to even think about that thing inside my mind, trying to make me do things. Even more so that I did what it wanted, couldn't fight it off. "It's out, right? You got it out?"

"Courtesy of a lump on the back of your head, yes," he says. I think he's more worried than he's letting on; it's something about the way he's found a knife to work on sharpening. "And a certain amount of bleeding, but by that point Dad was awake, and he made sure that Shedite didn't try to jump into anyone again. If you'd thought to leave a map," he adds, suddenly more heated, "I could have shown up and helped! Or you could have waited for me to arrive!"

"I didn't know you were coming. I'm sorry."

My brother the Malakite sighs, and spreads his hands. "Humans," he says. "What are you going to do? Always running into situations they're not prepared to deal with, because they're convinced it's the right thing to do." He gives me the usual little brother smile. "It was very honorable. Stupid. But honorable. And on the same note, next time I'll make sure to call and let you know that I'm coming, instead of running for the place once I get email."

I sit up, and find there's a flower propped in a cup of water next to my bed. I think that's from Zoe. "You're just disappointed because there's a demon out there you didn't get to smite."

"Totally! You can't go hiding all the fun from me, Kevin." He grins, and offers me a hand to help me out of bed. My legs still feel shaky, and I'm not sure if that's physical or psychological. "Mom got you healed up once I had a chance to give her back some Essence, so you don't have any excuse for slacking off. Come downstairs before we start dinner without you."

"How's Zoe?" I was expecting to see her when I woke up, if I can be said to have been expecting anything while unconscious. "Is she okay?"

"Oh, she's fine. A little scatter-brained, but you have to expect that of relievers," he says, as if he weren't one himself two years ago. "Make sure to let her know you're not going to be upset with her about the hit on the head."

"I thought I hit -- actually, I have no idea, but I assumed I whacked my head against one of those big metal assembly line things," I say, as we head downstairs together. It's reassuring to see that I'm still taller than him.

"Nope. She whacked you over the head to get the Shedite out. Lucky you that it wasn't a tough one, or you might have ended up with some real damage." He pokes me in the ribs. "Not that we'd be able to tell the difference if you got brain-scrambled. Maybe your grades would drop a little."

"So that's why you waited around instead of coming to rescue us. You wanted to make sure my grades would go down, so that you'd have a chance of catching up." I grin at him, and he goes blank-faced for an instant, then grins as he realizes I'm joking. Not the wildest sense of humor, my brother.

Downstairs, Zoe's setting the table, and she looks up as I walk in. "You're awake!" she cries, and rushes forward, leaving a glass un-held in mid-air.

My brother dives in to catch it before it can shatter, with a hasty, "Gravity! Remember the gravity!"

"Right," says Zoe, hugging me tightly. "Gravity. All the dangerous corporeal stuff like that." I hug her back, and realize she's shaking. "So many dangerous things here."

"But we're still all fine," I say.

"Yeah." She steps back, stares up at me with big blue eyes that match my own. "I don't know if I did the right thing. I should have waited for help to show up before running off and making you take me."

"Hey, hey, don't go blaming yourself for this. I agreed to come along, and I didn't even try to tell anyone before we left. I'm the older one here, so I'm responsible, not you. Besides," I say, with a smile to let her know all's forgiven, if there had been anything to forgive, "it all turned out fine in the end, right?"

"I think so," she says. "But I want to do better next time."

"You know what they say," says my brother, leaning against the wall with his arms folded, and I can picture the black wings I've never seen spreading out around him. "Good judgment comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgment."

"You're just annoyed because you didn't get to smite anything," Zoe says, and wraps her hand tightly in mine. My little sister, there to look out for me when I'm busy looking out for her.